Didn't have some of the features I was looking for. Returned it the next day. May be good for others
i Bought this around black friday for $60 hoping it would be awesome... it failed so hard i tried multiple different micro SD cards none of which were recognized and YES i formated them with every format i could think of ... Fat32, NTFS, Fat, Xfat... i even tried to have the tablet do it... didnt work... to make matters worse half the apps i wanted to use werent in the app store and i came to find out that it isnt linked to the normal google play store this tablet has its own app store which is missing many common apps... the main reason i bought this was to play clash of clans and i cant because it wasnt on the app store... i tried to also use aftermarket play stores to play COC but it didnt work... launched and played 1 time but didnt work or update after that... needless to say i returned it and bought a $250 samsung galaxy tab A 10.1 (2016 version) with S-pen and its WAYYYYY better... bottom line you get what you pay for... also hint the s-pen version has an extra 1 GB of ram over the non pen version... so you should get that if you can afford the extra $50...
I bought this tablet for my 4 year old daughter. Too many advertisements. I would rather pay more and not have a single ad.
I was hoping to use Google launcher with this tablet but it is really locked down and you cannot change the launcher or the lock screen. Still cheap and fine for watching movies.
The tablet works fine. It is responsive with good resolution. It is too tied to Amazon. It requires too many hoops to get apps such as Zinio to work. Until Amazon loosens its grip, I recommend only at a very good price.
Didn't want to go to the sites amazon wanted me to.
Not a good product short battery life i can only use for 20 minutes
This Kindle is so overloaded with apps that I will never use. Despite what one of Best Buys' associates said, you cannot remove any of the Amazon apps. The apps take up too much of the memory. I have an I Pad and love but bought this as a backup for work. Unfortunately, it bogs down. I also don't like that Amazon wants access to too much info to set up email, so I won't use this for emails either. I will likely sell it on Craig's List for less than half of what I paid for it.
Fine for reading, ...haven't used it for anything else yet
I liked it at first except the browser is kind of clunky. Also you can. It use all android Apps. The worst thing though was mine just stopped working in the middle of watching a movie on a long plane flight. It was fully charged. I have tried recharging and turning on etc. it is just a blank screen and off. Kind of a cool paperweight. Hope I can get my money back. Or get a new one.
If ads dont bother you, then this may be a decent device. Purchased this for my kid and it was loaded down with so much spam, it kept loading it up making it slow and laggy. Plus the carrasoul loadout makes it hard to navigate for kids, not very kid friendly! Oh you can pay $15 to remove the ads but it wont remove them all. Buy the samsung, better everything!
Though I have got it for cheap price during black friday, this Fire is not that great. Very bad camera and dim screen resolution. Pros:Install Google Play without any hassleVery good book reading option
This is a good product for video, surfing and reading. However this version has dropped all android support as far as I can tell. I have a couple of apps that run on my old Fire just fine but are extremely problematic on this one. There is one app I use everyday but it doesn't work on this new Fire, so I have to keep the old one around. Kind of inconvenient. I would recommend seeing if your app is supported on this Fire before dropping the money.
The display is not as sharp and vivid as they say but still good. Probably better for reading than watching videos. We didn't really get it for the games, but there is a good selection. WiFi works well and internet browsing is fast.
Good starter unit. Easy for a beginner to use. Priced low to give you a taste of the tablet world.
If you shop on Amazon all the time, this will help make it easier still. Lots of ads pop up, and you can't use apps from non-Amazon sources unless you root it, and that is complicated. This is not a realistic alternative to an iPad or Galaxy Note. If you just want to a device to shop on Amazon with, you'll love it.
fire tablet is very powerful for the size and does everything!
not good, hate it , never buy it again, sucks. done
Much harder to work than an android. None of the wallpaper apps I downloaded from the kindle store work on the device. many of the other apps look cheap on the display. other wise it is prettier and more responsive than the cheaper $49 tablet. They make it look like an android tablet but it is not. no google play. Everything is just harder to work than on a regular android BUT for a tablet under $100 it exceeds expectations. It is more responsive than other models of fire
I had fire hdx 8 and loved it, unfortunately got damaged and could not replace. I purchased the fire HD 8 and exchanged n pay difference for fire HD 10. The 8 did not have a lot of options I was used to. :(
The Amazon Fire HD8 (2016 model) is a great tablet for the price; however, the Fire OS offers limited abilities to the user. Personally, I wish there were ways to mirror the screen to a tv without having to purchase a Fire TV streaming stick. Also, the inability to use the google play store is a major set back. If it weren't for those two complaint, I'd give this tablet 4 stars.
This is not a bad product. Amazon offers greats products but this tablet was missing features even for a basic tablet. The lack of google chrome compatibility made this tablet not right for me.
This was a good tablet. I bought it for my Gf who basically only wanted it for Netflix and YouTube. The display was good, not great. The issue we had was that it kept dropping the wifi connection. This could have been a defect in this one tablet but we returned it and got another one.
We bought this earlier on line from another vendor and it was never delivered. Best Buy was great.
I have always gone to buy a kindle because I like the books and th games available. But I found them very unpredictable and unreliable. The color burns futon screen, then the screens starts jumping. As a result I have purchased 8 over the years. Not sure if Want to go through that for the 9th time!
My wife wanted an iPad. I bought her this because it was cheaper and good for reading and playing games. She uses iOS products so it's not compatible. She hardly ever uses it. Next time I'll get what she wants and not waste my money.
Freeze frequently... No way to trouble shoot or repair it...
This tablet is great for books, audible books, music and all things Amazon. The included browser (Silk) is not the best. I purchased expanded memory (64GB SD card) for about $30 more and a cover for about $20. The biggest issue I have with this unit is that it is slow (when compared to an iPad) and it tends to freeze every so often. For about 2.5x more money, consider an iPad instead.
Worse graphics, won't keep a wireless connection,overall not satisfied
I went with this tablet based on many good customer reviews, but my experience was not a good one. From the start I was on the phone every day for at least an hour with Amazon tech support for one issue or another. Most of the techs were very polite, but not all knew the product very well. At one point I asked one of them about trying to save some RAM and they kept referring me to the storage, which told me they didn't even know the difference between RAM and regular storage. The internet browser was basic and it ran very slow at times, even when all my other wifi devices ran great. Then a day would pass and I'd be trying to type an email and the keyboard would just stop working...wtf??? Come to find out it's a "known issue" and "they're working on it". After two weeks of one thing after another I got fed up and just returned it. I wanted it to work, and gave it a good run, but just not quality stuff. To me it was like Walmart trying to build their own computer when they're obviously not a computer manufacturer, neither is Amazon. If I were you I'd look at a regular Android tablet from a reputable PC manufacturer, which is exactly what I did next. I got an ASUS tablet for only a few dollars more, and it's unbelievable. 1000% better in comparison to the Amazon Fire HD8. Save yourself the aggravation and go with ASUS or some other company that is specifically in the computer business full time. Sorry Amazon, not this time!
Not very fancy, but not slow. If you have Amazon Prime, you have a access to a great library of TV shows and Movies for free. Same goes for free book rentals. The Amazon App store is not so great, lots of apps are outdated but still work. Just not the latest versions you would expect. But the Amazon Underground appstore does offer free access to games you would normally pay for. It's decent for it's price and a good deal if you don't want anything fancy.
We purchased this as a replacement for our now-broken iPad. Though we liked the smaller size (more convenient, easier to carry, etc), the internet was sooooooo slowwwwww that it drove us crazy. Sometimes minutes to download a site (and this with no other apps open!1). Plan to go back to another iPad.
I know beforehand that this is not a powerful tablet. But it's the best bargain at this price point . The screen is okay if you just read books, news, or surf the websites. But if you want to enjoy videos-this is not your choice.The processor is slow and the amazon app store doesn't have all the apps like you'd expect from Google appstore- even though the OS based on android. But few tweaks let you install the Google playstore-search online for the steps.Overall I'm satisfied with my purchase. Hope this is helpful.
It is just an average tablet. Bit slow but is a good option for people on budget
Tablet stopped working after owning for two weeks. Came back on after an hour.
This thing lasted not even a month before it went dead. Going to try and take it back
This tablet is definitely recommended if you are looking for light to medium usage. Tablet is snappy and quick but slarts to lag after installing multiple apps.Amazon app store is good but there are few essential apps that are not available, though you can install them using black market.
Had it for about a week and now it won't take charge, tried new chargers and still not taking charge. Happy with tablet but unhappy about not chatging
It all of a sudden has stoped charging I have only used it a few times in the short time off purchase. Can I get a replacement or how best can I be helped
This tablet could be so much better if the apps actually worked decently. The built in Amazon pieces for Prime members is great and work flawlessly. But it's not enough to overcome the terrible app behavior and countless freezes.  They need to take a lesson or two from Apple.
Will not seem to charge all the way and this is my 7th Kindlle.
If you need a basic tablet then the fire works. It falls apart when compared to the iPad mini from a usability, functionality and available apps standpoint.
Worked great but after awhile I wouldn't unlock. After I'd enter my pin, the screen would go black. I took it to geek squad (luckily I bought the protection plan!) and told me they don't fix them they just replace them. So I got another one but that one did the exact same thing. Ended up returning that one too.
I bought the kindle fire 8 for my husband and I to use. Neither one of us have been able to figure out how to use it. Every time we open it advertisements pop up. And we just try buttons to remove it. We cannot get it to rotate for our puzzles. Just too complicated to use and to navigate around. I will be returning it. We have an iPad and it's much easier.
like it at first, but it is going slow sometimes. overall good product
The first Fire HD8 we purchased died within 1 week of purchase. We had to go back and exchange it for a new one. Not a good sign so far.
This is the second Fire tablet that I have purchased. The first I returned in after I was not able to load YouTube onto the tablet. Amazon's take on Android was just to unfriendly to make it work. With this new tablet, Amazon has heard my concern and now I'm enjoying this tablet. It's well built for a sub-$100 device, but won't stand up to a lot of abuse.
Need to have some computer savvy. Wound be much more helpful if it came with a simple basic instructions.
the first worked fine for three weeks then stopped. took back and got a replacement. this one lasted almost a month. again took it back and was told I had to deal with Amazon.Found out thru Amazon webpage that units simply froze up and how to reset it. Was upset that store associate knew nothing about the product. Had to research everything myself.
I really liked the build quality but the very lackluster performance and minuscule battery life didn't make it a keeper for me.
ok for price a little slow and doesn't have as many apps as google play.
I didn't do any in depth research on this particular tablet. The price and speed were good for what I wanted it for. My only con is not being able to clear the home screen of apps or relocate them so I can see my personal home screen picture.
For the price it can't be beat. That being said I had to return mine after a week. I just couldn't get over the low resolution screen. It works well for movies and the Web, but I needed it to also show off my photos to others.
Bought the fire for my mother who is 72 to learn how to use a computer the price was right and she can use it to search the web
I have had every version of the Kindle since the week it was introduced and jumped at the chance for a Kindle Fire. I replaced the first one I had in 2014 and it was everything I wanted except this past summer it started overheating and got nonresponsive in the midday heat. So...I got this one. First of all I miss Swype. WHY get rid of it? Secondly I cannot put two of my favorite apps (which work on my old one) to work on this but lastly and most importantly: every once in awhile the screen freezes with a bunch of code "shimmering" in the background and only turning it off and/or leaving it for awhile brings it back to life AND it turns itself off. It seems to happen when I close a program and move to a new one. Aggravating and not what I expect from a product with which I have been happy in the past.
Wry basic, but I guess, it's ok for the price. Bought for a 6 year old.
Bought as gift for senior. Setup process could be easier.
This is decent reader and Netflix device. Lots of bugs and gotchas when trying to use - icons going off screen, random locking, random performance hits while doing the same task. Returned. Buying an iPad mini 2. The build quality is just not there.
This is good for kids. Cheap enough that if they destroy it, you won't get upset
I got a magenta color because I loved the beautiful purple-ish color shown on the picture. Instead I got a really bright pink-ish color which looks nothing like the color shown here. I went to the store hoping to replace it with a different color but was told that since I bought it on sale, I had to pay the $30 dollar price difference if I wanted to exchange. Unbelievable. The product is good but I never liked the Best buy customer service.
Would recommend for the right person that wants low cost tablet BUT...Ended up returning this item because it was heavy and too wide for my hand to hold. It was too big to hold in hand and too small to use like a larger tablet. Ended up just using my Lenovo Yoga 900 since it was more flexible and only about .5 lb heavier.
Very helpful and friendly. Didn't have too much selection on what I was looking for. But found what I needed.
Was looking for a cheap tablet for my a son to use saw this unit on sale on black Friday good unit.
I gave this as a gift for Christmas and still can't get it set up will have to go to geek squad to help
I bought the 8" version on impulse because of an excellent offer on Black Friday. As an Amazon product, it offers Amazon apps. While you can get Google Play apps, it requires some hoops. I just discovered I can't save movies from Netflix because that only applies to the HDX version. So this product has limits. But used as a Kindle reader, or to get email via wifi, or other uses (wifi only) while traveling where you wouldn't want to take an expensive device, it is a good choice.
I am bring it back for an exchange. (a different make)
I brought this tablet during the Black Friday sale fast forward to Christmas when my 6 year opens it he was happy I set it up for him two days later it crashed never came back on. Blank screen. He was disappointed and so was I .
This Kindle was purchased on the black friday sale. At the time I felt it was a steal at that price. The first tablet I purchased a few years ago was the original Kindle Fire, the following year I purchased an iPad mini and now have the iPad mini 4. As you may already know, the iPad does not have explandable memory. This Kindle can have expanded memory to 200GB so that was a good selling point for me. After setting this new Kindle Fire up, I noticed that viewing photos were not as clear as the original iPad mini even without retina display, and the color had a greenish-yellowish tint to it. Some may not notice this if they do not have something else to compare it to. I'm a pro photographer so this was quite unaceptable to me. I was not expecting perfection with the colors but people's skin tones appeared greenish as if they were Vulcans. I also like to read tech manuals and magazines of which many are in PDF format. The Kindle will read this format but the Kindle Fire after all these years still cannot display the cover art from pdf books, etc.; it displays an acrobat pdf document logo instead. If you have a large library of pdfs you have to read through the document titles instead of being able to select by seeing the cover of the book. That was enough for me, I've been spoiled by the ease of use of the iPad and the display with accurate colors. Back to the store for a prompt refund it went. Overall..still a good deal but if you are used to an iPad for the reasons I am..you may be disappointed.
Works well. But does not offer access to the apple or android App Store. Without the apps that I need, this tablet is not as useful.
Works well but lacks forward control of screen and right and left movement on keyboard. Good foor short notes but could never do any substantial typing on this without external keyboard. Good for basic websurfing and email.
horrible...just like the other 7 i have owned ONLY due to warranties
Does not let me connect with my library. Very diapointed
bought this during black friday (actually Thursday). ok for price. but not cool i had to buy extra storage for not a great price.
I bought this tablet as a replacement for my wife's Fire TV HDX 8.9 as her battery life is starting to decrease as it is getting older. Unfortunately, she was not happy with it as the tablet is slightly smaller screen wise (the next step is 10" which is way too big, and has 4 less hours of battery life) and I was disappointed despite it being a newer tablet it was not able to decode HEVC, like the Fire TV 2015 boxes we have connected to our televisions. This unfortunately is a show stopper, as we can't view the movie library we have on this tablet. We will wait until a newer version comes out that is improved.
Hoped this Fire HD 8 would be faster than my old HD Fire...not so much, I guess I expected the new Fire HD 8 to perform better but it still lags and is slow to load information while surfing the Internet. My wife's Ipad is light years ahead on this one, but what do you expect from a 60-70 dollar tablet.
This is an older tablet. I probobly expected too much. If I'm going to deal with lagginess I prefer my ipad2.
Does everything I need thank you. Alight small package easy to take anywhere
Bought it in order to watch NBC but the NBC app isn't compatible, so now I have a paperweight.
Best gift for Beginers. Less Price and enough speed and memory. Kids like it a lot.
works great for the price.but it shoves amazon stuff down your hroat like the fire tv.and is linked to your amazon 1 click buy if you haveit set up that way.
Nice tablet for the price. Just wish it had bluetooth.
Tablet had trouble from the begging it kept restarting and rebooting I had to return it.
my kids have this. it works okay for things like youtube or netflix. Apps take longer to load and many games that you can get for the iPad aren't available on the Fire Tablet. Still say go with Mac.
The camera is not very sharp , and you can not download another one .
Nice tablet but as usual with these items no instructions on how to get started
Ok tablet from amazon, added Google play to device for more apps. Google how to do this.
still playing with it, figuring out what I can & can't do. I love the tangerine color I got. One thing for sure, some apps I have on my phone like redbox & instagram they are not in the amazon app store so I can't put them on the tablet. Wish I could.
I really wanted to give this device a chance but I did end up returning it. It's a HUGE upgrade though over the cheaper 7" version. Honestly I don't think anyone should purchase that. If your budget can handle getting this version and you are heavily invested in the Amazon ecosystem (i.e. Prime member) this will make a great tablet. I think it is intended more for kids though than adults. Having iPads in the house we tried this with our toddler as a cheaper tablet for her but the interface and quirks of the Amazon OS just were not worth the hassle. Will end up seeking out a used iPad Mini 2 instead of this.
At this price point it is very good. But having being used ipad the display doesnt look sharp. Amazon app store lacks content. Overall good for my 9 yr old.
upgraded my 3 year old kindle- same old. doesnt seem that great of a difference. the graphical interface still sucks but its decent for reading.
The wifi would drop often to where I could not listen to Spotify or other services without buffering.
Its cheap, but the you will notice the low screen resolution compared to iPad. App is somewhat limited unless you side load it.
I'm disappointed that it doesn't have a mirror display mode.
I like this tablet. I had a nook, the fire has more memory, bigger screen and lower price. The downside? The Amazon Fire is so ridiculously proprietary that I cannot watch any of my movies on it from my nook. This is becoming industry standard. Too bad.
I think I downloaded 6 new apps. I wait to surf the web. This thing is so slow to respond. My old refurbished iPad is better. I really only bought it to stream Hulu and Netflix. I'm not excited about lighting up the home screen to find advertisements every day, but I guess you get what you pay for. I wanted inexpensive, I got it! Don't buy this if you are used to using quick responding electronics.
Battery lasts a long time but I actually like my old Fire more.
My 5 yr old loves it, however we do experience some sound issues from time to time.
My father upgraded from the original Kindle Fire to this model, and he's very happy with it. It doesn't compete with more mainstream tablets, but he likes the Kindle's system for downloading library books.
It was great product. the price which I got it was great.
I have only had this Amazon Fire Hd8 since December 6, 2016 and it has already quit charging.
My kids really like this and if your buying a tablet for kids it's worth it, but maybe not so great for adults.
Great value for the money. However, the operating system is a bit clunky. Constant notifications and messages to delete. Some can be turned off, other seem to just keep appearing. The reader app surprisingly is less than intuitive.
Pros:Great value for moneyEnough power to handle lot of Android gamesDecent battery lifeCons:Feels slow after using for a few weeksLow-resolution screen and camera.
It's a good tablet for the value. Downside is there's no Google Play Store access. So you're limited to apps in the Amazon app store.
I previously owned the Fire HD 7 and was excited about the HD 8. After getting the HD 8 and using it I started to notice how they were able to cut costs. The screen was not as crisp, the processor was slower and the speakers were not as loud as previous versions. Overall a good buy for the price but if you are expecting the quality that went into previous versions look elsewhere.
I'm used to a n iPad so I wasnt impressed with the kindle. I found it hard to navigate
I loved this tablet. I did! BUT I did not love that I was being sold ads every time I powered up! I loathe even more that I would have had to pay $15 to discontinue that feature. Amazon if you want $105 dollars for the Kindle Fire, charge it! but don't under price the device, and then flash ads at the the consumer at every opportunity. It is unbecoming of you! I returned this item pronto!
Got this for my 10 year old grandson. He really likes it a lot. This is good for kids to learn responsibility using tablets.
I was initially excited to get the Kindle. I am extremely disappointed with all the ads. Even more disappointed to find out that I could pay Amazon more money to remove the ads. It's frustrating that Best Buy and more specifically Amazon, don't let the consumer know on the box or in store advertising that what you're buying is a mini advertising billboard. Why couldn't there be an upfront statement on the box or in the store stating that the "low price" is subsidized by all the ads on the device? Would this have changed my purchase? Absolutely!!!! I would have spent a couple bucks more and probably got a Samsung tablet.
Overall this is a great product. It sometimes freezes with some of the games but other apps work great. Alexa is a great addition.
The headphone jack restarts the tablet when you plug the headphone cord into it. That is why I am giving the product only 2 stars. Otherwise, the screen is great.
The built quality is great taking into considerarions its price. The tablet is pretty fast and responsive. However, Amazon's operating system is horrible. I miss a lot of apps that I use in my Apple devices, and some others that just don't work as good such as Mint and Netflix (don't have download capability). Also it won't work with my Chromecast devices...
This is a good tablet for basic use. I ened up returning it and going with an iPad which met my needs more. This tablet would be good for someone with limited computer knowledge/use.
the amount i paid for the tablet is worth it on sale.
If you are looking for an inexpensive tablet just for basic web surfing/shopping/etc., I don't know that you can get a better deal. However, that is about all you can do. We found out the hard way that the Fire (which we bought to replace a misplaced iPad, so maybe we were just spoiled) is pretty limited in terms of the Apps you can download. Forget about any Google based Apps and many of the standard apps that are generally available in the Android or Apple market place. I love Amazon itself and don't have any major issues with the product I got for the price I paid, I just won't be going the cheap route in the future. Hindsight being 20/20, I should have spent the money to just get a new iPad since that is what we were used to.
I was expecting an Android device and discovered it was an "Android like" device. My fault for not reading up on his device before hand. I returned the Amazon Fire and bought a Samsung Tab E.I probably would recommend this tablet if you wanted a device for reading.
If adding more than one child to the account, the screen will not rotate properly for the second, third, or fourth child. Geek squad could not fix this problem, seems to be a manufacturer's issue. Also, there are too many adds. I returned this product.
When my husband and I bought our Kindle Fire 8, we went to Best Buy and asked questions as best we could. There are programs we apparently need to put create and edit documents and spreadsheets!! We did ask if it had those features and was told yes but I think we need to have a special app. Why isn't there a manual or step by step guide on getting the most use out of Kindle Fire 8. Can I get it online? Kindle Fire 8 fun to use but needs more info for customers. Can we go to a class at Best Buy? Thanks for any help.
Unable to download the Instagram app. which stinks
nice size, very clear but randomly shuts off. cant remove unwanted apps from the home screen. if you watch video..it buffers alot and laggs.
As a low priced 8" tablet, it has a good display, good speed, and reasonable battery life.I am a bit peeved by the rather intrusive adds that Amazon pushes onto it.I am also unhappy that I cannot load all the apps I am used to using on my Android phone. Overall, I wish I had spent more for a real Android device rather than having this with the Amazon limited version of Android.
I had to sideload google play services to be able to download from the google play store or use google chrome as a web browser, as this tablet was designed to be exclusive to Amazon.
My Hulu plays perfectly..great volume. Kindle starts right up so I'm able to read fine. However, when I'm on Facebook and click on an article to read, it goes to the page, and within 30 seconds, the page closes. Sometimes Facebook app won't even load. I find it blanking in and out and not showing some icons at times. I haven't dropped it so I'm assuming this is an internal problem :( I have tried playing a couple games and it will say that I need "the Amazon app" where I go to purchase stuff, which I already have...then it closes out saying ERROR. I wish I could replace for a new one.
Thought it was to be better than what it is. Mother in law can play games an Facebook on it. Next time I will buy her a samsung
It was on a total of an hour and a half when the screen went completely dark. Would not turn on after that. The battery was fine....It just quit working all together.
Good tablet but not as smooth as high end tablets. It's limited to Amazon so don't expect to do as much as an Android or iPad. I like mine and will continue to use it. I recommend using one if you can before buying.
It's unfair for me to rate this product cause I have not even taken it out of the box to set it up.
Not very user friendly and intuitive.Very limited capabilities and apps.Good for viewing movies.Very limited language capabilities other than English and a few other languages.Apps are downloaded, but can't be found.
Not many apps. The first one was already returned...no power issue after 1week..I hope the second one is fine...
I bought this on line as a gift. The unit does not stay on and I cannot get in touch with anyone to get the unit repaired
Its fast, connects well, every amazon aspect of life you could possibly want is on here. Thats what I didnt expect, it being my first tablet. Amazon gets in your face about all its promos and products every time i turn it on. Its so annoying. -But its very handy, very sleek, easy to use and connects quick to any wifi acess around. However its limited on games and its app store is c.r.a.p compared to android. So ehhh 50/50.
Good size screen and clarity for the money. Seems fairly robust. The biggest problem is putting apps on it, at least free games. They do not have a great selection and when I put them on some of them require you turn on tracking so they can collect information or they won't let you play it
Good tablet overall just not enough memory but with an sd card just love it
The product has a $90 price tag and the 90 warranty is too short. My tablet died within a month. I took it to Best Buy where they said they don't handle the warranty, went to Amazon web site where they said go to the store where I bought the device. After much digging around Amazon web site I found out who would help me. I gave it a one star and Amazon helped me quick. We were able to get it going again, a manual would help. The device works again. I found the tablet to be very functional, I watch Netflix, listen to Spotify, watch YouTube videos, it works great!
Easy to use and lots of handy features. Downside is the ads that apparently can't be shut off and you can't upload and and play downloaded YouTube videos unless you are online.
Good enough for the price. Great for Amazon subscriptions and Amazon shopping.
A rating of 3 starts is what I can give this product. The Fire HD8 show a nice picture and is used mostly to watch NetFlix. However, the Fire HD8 will restart when the battery indicators is at 35%. I am not sure what is causing the issue or why.
I purchased this to download books for school. Screen too small and OS was not to my liking
Nothing but problems after a month. Luckily I could take it back and get a credit for the kindle to put towards an ipad. It started off working fine then after a month it started losing internet connection randomly (while the old ipad had no problems). Then it stopped charging, never got past 1%. Tried different outlets, different android chargers. Nothing. Worthless
You get what you pay for... This is not great, the functionality and limitations leave much to be desired. Should have spent more and got another Samsung Galaxy Tab.
was cheap, can not run chrome stuff, returned to store.
I'm planning on returning this tablet just as soon as I can!`
I bought this to replace a 3-year old Kindle Fire 7" HDX that I had just dropped on the floor. I sort of panicked, so after doing a couple of hours of research I picked this tablet. Just to be on the safe side I got 16 additional GB of memory. I installed a couple of games (none of them memory hogs) and a cookbook app, in addition to downloading a couple of books and dictionaries. I can honestly say this is the slowest tablet I've ever had. Just rotating the screen takes 7-10 seconds, and that's if there's only one app open. Opening a book or magazine can take half a minute, and God help you if you want to switch between a recipe and a magazine while you're cooking! Amazon is obviously more concerned about showing you constant special offers and apps than having satisfied customers. Since there are no other Fire tablets available for whatever reason (maybe they're being discontinued?) I'll be replacing it with either an iPad or a Galaxy tablet.
I bought this to replace an older kindle that broke. It has more features, like front/ rear facing camera and better resolution screen. I feel like it doesn't work as well though. The screen doesn't always respond. The Internet freezes a lot. The colors seem to be a little off. All in all, still a decent piece for the price.
The specs are good, feels solid, can't stand the OS. Too many ads you can't get rid of, not as customizable as I'd like. If that doesn't bother you, it's a good tablet for the price. Don't expect to run games on it, not powerful enough for that.
Prior to using the device I decided to recharge it to 100% and was shocked to find out that it takes 6 hours. Unless you have a lot of time don't buy this device.
The Kindle Fire HD is perfect for playing simple games and for streaming video while away from home. It's thin and light.
This is not an upgrade by any means! My three year old kindle outperformed Oasis.Battery life better than a week with the lights on lowest setting Magnetic connector is poorly designed and grows weak Two pieces to keep up with; unsnaps constantly Amazon Customer Services promises it will resolved in an update
Th size difference is noticeable and squarish rather then rectangular, which I prefer. The Kindle unit itself is rather nice, the auto rotate and adjust being the best part. I returned this item b/c the cover is flimsy. and I was afraid I would drop it and break the kindle.
I bought 2 and am returning them both. Both had lighting issues. On the first one, one half of the screen had a white/blue tint and the other half was more of a yellow tint. When i flipped the device upside down to rotate to use with my other hand, half of the screen went much darker than the other. I returned it because I had read there were some that had lighting issues and bought another one. My second one was worse. You could see little half moons going down one side. That one also had a much yellower tint overall than the first one.I found it not easy to hold unless it was in the charging case. It was too slippery and, weird to say, small for me. I'm a female with average sized hands.I think what I really did love was the charging case and the size for transport purposes. Maybe when they make a few tweaks and lower the price I might try again.
Easy to carry in purse or pocket but doesn't do anything better than the cheapest Kindle reader.
I owned a Kindle Keyboard for about a year, and I purchased the leather lighted case for that unit. While the corner light left a little to be desired as far as even lighting, overall I was very pleased with the case. Based on that experience, I went ahead and purchased the lighted cover for my new Kindle. I can't say this experience has as been as positive.Let's start off with what's good about the case. The Kindle battery powered light is a big improvement. The light is now centered on the screen, so illumination is more even now. I don't use the light often, but in the cases where I do it will be nice to have more balanced coverage. One positive on the case itself is that I appreciate how much lighter this one feels than the previous generation. The hinge area is smaller, which means less of the spine folding effect the other one took on after heavy use. I never took my Kindle Keyboard out of the case after it was put in, so the snug fit I have seen complaints about is not an issue for me. It IS tight, though, so if you don't plan to keep the case on full time be aware it may take some effort to get it back out. In my situation, that tight fit is exactly what I want, but your mileage may vary.Now on to the negatives. The case does feel very cheap, especially with no change in price point. The previous cover felt like a solidly made piece of work, whereas the new cover only feels half as sturdy. The thinness of the case was no doubt done to minimize its weight, so I realize this is a personal issue. Outside the thickness, though, it just doesn't look or feel as well made. The textured surface of the previous model you that leather feel, very much like a real book. Finally, the most stunning oversight is the lack of a closure device.Read more
I bought this because I have ebooks in college. Not only could I not get my ebook. I called the school IT department. They could not either. My semester was already started. The sales representative at the store told me this is what I needed. I ended up buying a tablet from my phone carrier and my ebooks were right there in less than 5 minutes with the schools IT department help.
I had to return this product as it was not compatible with things such as Facebook and Itunes... which is what I needed it for. Great if you are into books and streaming movies!
Decent little tablet if you are not a game player. Tablet shuts down and I cant get it back on when I play games for long periods of time. It's not my ipad, that's for sure.
The last 2 models of Kindle HDX 8 have been terrible. We have purchased 2 of each model of Kindle and up until the last 2 models, they have been great. Last years had to be replaced 7 or 8 times and for the same problem. The slot for the SD card is defective. I gave up and bought the newest model. It shuts completely down if you try to plug it in to external speakers and sometimes it shuts down for no reason. It's going back after the first of the year. This is going to be my last year for Kindles unless they make them the same quality as before. Phooey!
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife and things started out well but lately my wife has been having issues with it. It hasn't been working as it should and its only been a little over 2 months since she's had it. I'm going to try a hard reset on it and see if that helps.
In my opinion it's very slow for internet use. Good for our 5 yr old to use but we purchased this for her to do online curriculums, which is almost impossible to do with this tablet because of the speed. Our internet connection is great with every other laptop and computer in the house.
Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK
I hate amazon app store. Nothing good in there. The tablet is too slow for what I do... it is good for reading only....
Dont have option for password ask you before buying apps once you authorized as allow its done.Not as many free good apps Like apple have it
meh. it works. i find it difficult to navigate. i also have an ipad mini. this seems to be less intuitive than the ipad.
Most buyers will have a phone or other charger that will work so you probably don't need to buy this.
cheap - need to constantly make sure plugged in - slightly too small - saved some bucks there - not amazon quality
If you actually paid 20 for this adapter, you're out of your mind.
I mean... it work fine, but 20 fine There's nothing special here and it's a joke that Amazon doesn't just ship a charging plug with the Kindle in the first place. You should be able to find plenty of non-OEM chargers that'll work in terms of watts and voltage for far less money, like 5.
turns out this was not necessary ... being returned.
This is the THIRD power charger that I have HAD to buy at cost of over 30 each since my Kindle Fire purchase. Why can't the chargers last a REASONABLE amount of time When I connected this charger, I received a message saying that it was a LOW level charger it probably would not charge while the Kindle was in use. NOT ACCEPTABLE for this cost!!!
I wish this came in white to match my Kindle Paperwhite
Too
Really expected a chord with it for the price we paid. Very dissapointed.
Not compatible with South African plug standards. Bought this unnecessarily.
It wasn't what I thought it was the price was too much for what I got Very disappointed
I had to buy it, what else is there to say.
5 dollar AC to USB power adapter for 20 buck
Q: What's the difference between a 19.99 Amazon 5W USB Official OEM Charger and Power Supply and a 5.95 5V 1A (1000mA) USB port power supply - UL ListedA: 14.04 Calling it a 5W charger rather than a 5V 1A charger is a distinction without a difference.
I do find this better than the cheaper version I bought initially at Staples. It charges faster but not as fast as the Kindle charger that I had used for a couple years before it finally gave out. Also, it is not possible to charge and still use your Kindle, something I was able to do with the previous charger, a feature I really miss. Still, better than the alternative.
doesnt do me any good without a cord to go with it
Waste of money
This is a rip-off! I will use my apple USB plug instead, for free!
My adaptor doesn't work. Maybe I'm doing something wrong but there are no instructions. It looks pretty simple. So it just simply doesn't work.
It's silly these aren't provided with the purchase of a Kindle. Super expensive.
Have taken this for a couple of years for calmness, arthritis, and heart. Don't know if it really helps, but it doesn't hurt. Have read some favorable things about it. This company had quick delivery.
very overpriced!
I don't know why this wouldn't be included with the kindle. It's like selling an appliance without all the parts
How do you rate a charger--something you need, but don't really want It works, so it is okay.
Over Priced due to the cost of Kindle at 289.00. Should come with Kindle.
I ordered the Amazon 5W USB Official OEM Charger and Power Adapter for Fire Tablets and Kindle eReaders however, what I received is nothing like what is pictured. I received a charger cord that states LG Electronics and Verizon Accessory. I am not certain that these are the same item.
this is way over priced
Does what it is suppose to do - power adaptor / charger.Three stars because it's overpriced.
serves its purpose
It's fine, but not necessary. Had I known that I could charge my Kindle with my tablet and/or phone charging cord I would not have bought it.
Functional, but be sure the the USB cable is firmly installed in the base to get a connection.
Exactly what I expected!
Pretty dumb that you have to.buy a charger port
Too expensive. Should be included, at no extra cost, with the Kindle.
i did not need this
Way too expensive
My old kindle charger works fine - that wasn't clear when I bought a new kindle white. And now you want to charge me 6.95 to send it back. Forget it!! I'll keep the extra charger
This is honestly a little expensive. And I can find other ways to charge my devices.
It does what it is supposed to do.
A waste of money. You don't need this. Just plug your tablet into your computer and the charge lasts for a month.
Do not pay attention to their ad. It says the plug is not included with the kindle and it absolutely is. If they lie about this sort of thing what else do you think the lie about. Steer clear these guys are rip off artist.
20 for a USB charger is outrageous! It should have bee free with the Paperwhite Kindle.
The plug in part of the charger is fine BUT cord could certainly be longer.
Just got home and found the packet is empty, there is no product we ordered in it. What do we do now
As an OEM replacement, I suppose its worth a bit more but this price is excessive. A similar product for my Amazon fire was purchased at Walmart for about 3
This charger FRIED my Kindle Fire, Samsung Galaxy S6, and Samsung Galaxy J7. DO NOT plug your other devices up to it!!! It easily comes detached from the Fire tablet but does charge it. I'm just very unhappy that it killed my other devices. There are young children in my home and they know the difference between Apple and Android charging tips. So they will use any available charging cable they find when needed.
Nothing special just okay
feel it should have come with paperwhite kindle and that I should not have had to buy it
goes with the kindle for charging port
Whats the point of this without the cable to charge!
I already have one am sending it back
I think the cord needs to be a bit longer. This would enable you to read while charging.
Does what you need, but because it has amazon's name on it, it's expensive
Works as advertised. However, I can't imagine why Amazon doesn't include it with the Kindle. I know of no other product that does not supply an item that is essential to its use. Amazon should include this with the Kindle. So, remember, add the price of one of these to the price of the Kindle to get the real price of the Kindle. That is why I gave it three stars. Come on Amazon, stop the misleading pricing on the Kindle.
It was doing a great job charging my kindle, but now it takes almost all day to charge.
Should have been included with the e-reader.
The charger won't stay securely connected to the Paperwhite and wiggles. It will only charge when held at a particular angle.
Disappointed to realize there is not a light for night reading. Size and weight is great.
It is affordable and it had Increased storage but no backlight and the screen could be better!
I thought it would be as big as small paper but turn out to be just like my palm. I think it is too small to read on it... not very comfortable as regular Kindle. Would definitely recommend a paperwhite instead.
In my opinion this model is too small and feels cheap. And sd card slot.
Its a decent reader for beginners. There is no backlight, so not good for reading in dark. also slips from hands, so purchase a cover if you buy it.
There is no way to lock the font size and it changes if you touch the screen. I liked my paper white better but it died.
Am used to Kindle Fire which I love. No light to read by in the dark. Hard to navigate. This was a gift - would never purchase on my own.
This is a pretty cool little device. Im able to download books through wireless and read them later at my convenience. Only drawback is I wish it had more storage. But for the price, it works good.
The screen size could be bigger like the earlier versions of kindle.
The screen is too dark, and cannot adjust the brightness
The kindle is good to download apps for books catch up with reading
It does its job but I would buy one which the screen is brighter. There are times that it's difficult to read because screen is not too bright
I bought it cause I wanted to read more. That didn't happen, I tried and I just can't read on devices I need old school paper between my hands
It is difficult to understand the instructions. I am still working on it.
For me, the Kindle Black was not a good fit for me. There are times I read at night in bed when my husband is sleeping. This model doesn't have a back light so I'm unable to read at night without turning on a light and waking up my husband.So I returned and went for a Kindle Fire.
I just broke my 3rd generation kindle after many years, had to get a new one...the new kindle has more features in an intrusive format, it is hard to get books loaded, deleted, collected, and even to turn the page..an inadvertant tap on the wrong part of the page, or a twitchy finger, and you're down the rabbit hole..I really just want a reader, not another tablet
1st kindle screen failed & had to reboot often. Customer Service couldn't fix. Replaced. 2nd one screen reboots often. Customer service offered replace. Just want one that works. Can't get upgrade replacement
This was my second kindle and I didn't realize that it wasn't paper white . What a difference. I took this back to the store and exchanged for paper white.. this was not easy to read for me
Buying this device I thought it could replace my phone which my kids love to use to watch their videos. It's great with applications but it's limited when it comes to kids video outside of Amazon's store.
Something new for my wife. She is still earning how to navigate the item but enjoys more apps at her finger tips. Its small and compact and easy t take on trips so she can read, take pictures or listen to her music.
Slow to use because there are constant popups. Barely dropped it 2 feet to the ground and now it doesn't work. Highly unsatisfied.
this is great for the price. It is slow on certain application.
I think that this tablet is only good for reading books. It's not very fast, so you won't be able to do anything else.
The apps I really want it won't let me download. I don't like that I HAVE to sign up for "One Click" with a credit card.
I bought this tablet as Bestbuy was closing them out. I find the screen is okay but not iPad quality. The speed is fine for my intended use but I would not be happy if I needed to use as my primary tablet.The operating system is lower then the current android build and I have not found a upgrade path.
We bought the tablet to give as a prize in a baby shower contest. We thought it was a good price and we decided to purchase.
Its a beginner tablet. Not so great interface. I prefer larger size tablet
i mean if you want just a tablet to read some books and browse internet thats fine.
This device is OK for reading or listening to audiobooks via Overdrive app. Wouldn't recommend it though really. Waited to buy Kindle for years. Would suggest doing research before buying this device.
Works well but too much advertisements with little control over content.
No bad for the price. The bad is the got too many adds an you can't take it out
Not Kid friendly at all. Purchased for little nephew. Wasn't given any info on it for sales person either. Took back!!!
Screen was cracked but the package did arrive earlier than expected
For the price a decent tablet. Some apps don't want to download.
So far so good. Display is not as bright or clear as my iPhone but then again I only paid 30 dollars for the tablet
It is a good entry level tablet, especially if you already has Amazon prime.A lot of power for the price. The only consideration is that is only has 8g of storage.
the description sounded like the base unit was included with the coding game - which it was not.
This is not recommended if you have inpatient kids.
Purchased two of these tablets. Both of them had 4-7 dead pixels all over the screen. Read a lot of online reviews which stated same problem. The screen/resolution is pretty bad but what can you expect for $50.
this was just ok... wish the camera quality was better.
If you can afford to get the HD versions I would go for those; however this is a great starter kindle. Love all the parent controls!
Item was bought as a gift I haven't used the device seems my 6 year old was enjoying the games he downloaded
I got this tablet for my 2 year old after her previous tablet cracked when she dropped it, and wasn't too impressed with it. I had to wait about 3 weeks for the Wifi to be setup at home, and found out it was way too reliant on the internet for most things to work. After inserting the SD card from her other tablet I was hoping it'd be easy to view videos, pictures, and music and had such a hard time figuring it out. It took a long time for the videos and pictures to show up because I wasn't connected to Wifi, and it didn't recognize any music files. Once I did connect it, it was annoying to see that ads were displayed on the Lock Screen. Overall it's a good tablet, but I just didn't like all the apps that are installed and rely on Amazon's paid services.
I purchased this tablet for my granddaughter, and she can't put it down!
I don't like this tablet as Android is not working well
These are perfect for kids to use and have some nice features for only 50 bucks. I recommend.
Needs to have some hardcopy instructions in the package..
It's ok. I love that I can set up my 5 year old on his own with the children's setting. The battery dies really fast though. We can't even make it through a long car ride without having to plug it in.
Pro's GPS accurate--easy to set-upCons small screen--does not count stairs adequately--would not push notification to my Samsung 7 edge
The Amazon warranty of this product is great for a reason, it needs to be because they have to keep replacing it. I had two that died within weeks and every single one has broken the screen.
Swiping had to be repeated several times sometimes to get the action to respond. Returned.
Great tablet for the price! I bought two of these for my Grandkids to use, as they are always using ours! The only thing that I really don't like about them is that they have so many pop in commercials for grown ups and it makes everything stop. Hard for my little three year old to get this! I wish it were a little more kid friendly as far as ease of use and getting to where you want to be. For the price, I guess we will just deal with it! :)
Great price for a tablet I got two of them one for each if my children ranging from 7 and 8 years old only down part I can think of is the charging port going bad, It's super ooose and hard to charge.
The tablet I bought was not what I expected and I wanted to return.
Not the greatest for productivity but it's very good at entertaining kids at a cheap price.
I can't get my tablet to set the time so I haven't been able to even use it a little disappointed with this purchase no instructions came with it!!
Stopped working after only a year. Felt flimsy. Did like that I could upload Amazon books
works great once I figured it out. Books are easy to download.
Bought this for my daughter. Tablet works amazing. Only thing I didnt like was that you are REQUIRED to place a CC on file with amazon in order to use it.I would say if you are looking for a tablet stick to the samsung galaxy models vs others.
A decent machine for the Black Friday price of under $40. The 8 GB of memory is inadequate if you play games using the Apps. I added a 32 GB micro SD card, but not all the Apps use it and the ones that do, only transfer part of the application to it. All points, coins, etc earned are retained in internal memory, not SD card. Pictures, videos, music can be stored on SD card. Screen is very sharp.
We purchased this for our 5 & 4 yr olds. It is something to help with learning to read and write.The big downfall is that even the "free" apps require you to purchase add-ons to unlock more of the app.
Good for kids ... brightness is not so good, .....
Unfortunately I've been using a far superior tablet when I decided to purchase the Amazon Fire tablet. Comparisons are unavoidable. The Amazon Fire works. Amazon only apps are not as numerous as Google. The tablet is not as streamlined as my other tablet.
I like the kindle fire for all the free games you can get on it. I wanted it for a long time and during the holiday season, I found it on sale and I bought it!
paid 39.00 on sale. bought two and 1 week later one will not connect to wifi will have to return.
Its a good tablet, screen is kind of weird but it does its job. I wish the it had more memory but for the price, I can't expect to much for a inexpensive tablet. But what I do love is that all the apps are free so that's a #SCORE. Great for kids
I ordered my fire HD like a week before Christmas. The day I received it I ordered a case for it on amazon and before I even got the case it fell fro! About 2 ft off the floor on carpet and the screen cracked. I called BestBuy and I was told that I had. Free 6 months protection on it so I made an appointment with geek squad my husband called out of work to take me and when we go they tell me that I don't have any protrvtion plan and that there isn't anything they can do for me. Honestly it got to me because I you can't do anything about it its fine just tell me. But don't male me gp allthe way there and waste my time. Ended up buying a better and bigger tablet. Although my amazon fire still works its screen is all cracked oh well.
It wouldn't connect to internet. Tried at home, at a couple of Wi-Fi spots and at the store where I bought it.
Pretty slow if you're trying to use it as a full-time tablet. Good as an eReader and sometimes game and Internet usage.
It's an alright tablet for my parents to learn and use for Skype
Too many advertisements to get through. A little tough to adjust to coming from the apple world.
Decent tablet for the price. Expect just basic use and function. This is no iPad be sure you aren't expecting that.
Best tablet and most affortable. Love that it just works. Must have Prime.
Bad performance. Slow device. Not worth buying. Better products are available in this range.
I brought these as christmas presents for my kids and so far no complaints.
Not the best tablet. Decent image, but lackluster performance.
Clunky and full of ads. Ok for my kids to use for games, but I wouldn't use this for myself.
Bought this for myself at Christmas as a replacement for my older version. This one has clearer graphics but I find the build to be way cheaper and definitely a great deal thinner..felt to flimsy to me.
i bought this for someone for a gift for xmas. this is a good simple tablet for someone to being with.
I purchased this tablet because it was extremely cheap. I'm not impressed with anything about it. It is slow, not at all user friendly, and the advertising is so very annoying. It is also almost totally useless as it does not support the few apps I use on a regular basis. I will keep it only to access my amazon accounts.
The only bad thing I can say about this tablet is that after using certain apps you have to turn the tablet completely off in order to get to the main screen.
Overall the tablet is okay, I just paid 50$ so can't complain anything about specs but the fact that you can't use google services sucks. No google, no youtube, gmail!
apps constantly fail to open. no flash for camera. hard to download anything not amazon ie: google apps. will be returning....
Easy to read books. Great for night reading. Easy to download books
I came across this on sale and couldn't pass it up. Turns out it runs slower than I expected though. My girlfriend has an older version of this model and it just seems to run smoother than this one. Still, a nice alternative for browsing/shopping/bill paying than wearing about my smartphone battery.
I bought this for my daughter during the holidays and after four months of use it would no longer would charge. I tried other charges as well and it's definitely the tablet. Now I have to go through the hassle of seeing if I can still replace it under warranty.
Great tablet for a beginner to catch up on reading.
We are pretty unhappy with this purchase. Several of the most popular apps (Instagram, You Tube, etc.) are NOT compatible with this device. Now I know why the sale on this was so great. We can really only run the internet and Facebook on this device. Will be returning and getting a different tablet.
I bought this for my 8 yr old niece, she loves it. Also bought a screen shield & a 'kid proof' case. However, neither stopped the screen from cracking the first time she dropped it. At least it was only $50 :/My nephew has an 1st gen iPad Air, w a kid case; he's dropped it many times, the screen is fine. You get what you pay for.
Picked this up for a 7 year old. I'm used to using iPads, but not a bad little tablet for a kid and Im not worried if if something happens to it.
Works ok, doesn't shutdown properly. Notified Amazon tried to fix over the phone. They wanted to replace it but I said I would put up with a "hard" shutdown
No complaints here, especially for the price. Good for children or elderly.
It's a great tablet for the price. I bought it as a gift and they loved it.
I bought the Fire in hopes to play movies from my ultraviolet account. Only to find out that it no longer supports ultraviolet format on the Fire. So, I had to shop elsewhere to play movies for my plane trips. Don't buy if you're looking to play movies this way!
This tablet has little cpu power and is really only made to work with the Amazon Prime crowd. Not what I was looking for.
It's a good tablet but only for like little Childen to play on not for teens. I don't think it should have high expectations, if thinking that.
Bought as gift, don't know the details, but kids love be it!
I purchased this tablet for my sister as a Christmas present.
The Fire itself works well so far, the ouch comes from the fact that the buyers Amazon account MUST be hitched to it to download free games. Who wants kids downloading anything that has your credit card attached even if it's free or accessing your account?
Great price for the Amazon tablet. It is Def worth the money just don't like that you can't get real versions of the Google Apps
The item was on sale over the Christmas period at a great price. Took it home and when I charged it up, the back of the tablet became very hot to the touch and the battery life reduced dramatically. Left it alone, tried it again, this time no issues. Four days later, it did the same thing when I was charging it up again. Sent it back for a refund.
So I've been wanting a fire since they originally came out read some questionable review's about kindle basic stuff nothing seemed to really discourage me you really don't know what your experience will be unless you try so I got it and began the prime "free trial " I was shocked to wake up this morning to find out I had been charged $107.00 for a full year of prime one day before my trial was supposed to end no email no contact no are you interested they just charged my card without warning imaginably upset with Amazon. the tablet it self is so so and is slightly basic the front facing camera is slightly better then the outwards one the Alexa feature is kinda nice and fun to talk to it also sync's to other echo devices as well if buying for a teenager or any young adult do set parental controls and or passwords to keep from unauthorized perchues I think the tablet is OK but no great but because of my recent experience I rated it it 2 stars your ultimately going to make up your own mind and decided if your going to purchase this device and decide if its right for you good luck in your decision
My child had one before , and loved it. So we got him another one.
This product is okay, but does not due what a normal tablet can due. Example, social media such as instagram and snapchat are not accessible on this tablet due to it being an amazon product. Had I known that, I would not have purchased it.
I regretted buying this item.I will never recommend this to anyone
There was a lot of proprietary stuff that takes away from the actual usage of the device.
Got this during Christmas rush and didn't think much of it since it was slightly open. (They had none in stock and needed 4 of them for all my children ) upon opening item , one had a small crack (bearly noticeable ). Increased useage of item cause the screen to spider web... tried to return but no help with management .... store at fountains in El Paso Texas . So I have 3 perfect kindles and one cracked .... very disappointed 1 star
Good for a basic entry tablet. Plus u can upgrade the memory on it which is a plus.
once I learn how to use all of the apps I am sure I will enjoy it more but I do have trouble scrolling
It's a great for reading books but it's not that great when it comes to everything else.
Got ir in a deal for black friday, worth the money paid!
Somewhat substandard. iPads are certainly better. But it gets the job done for $50.
I got this tablet for Christmas and only used it for one day. The next day I could not use it, it keep glitching. When I got it, the box was opened and it had an inspect sticker on the box, I guess that is what Best Buy does. I think someone switched it out. I took it back to Best Buy to see if someone could fix it and they said it would be $200 to fix or call Amazon. Why would I pay $200 to fix a tablet that was $40. Amazon is replacing my defected one for free after many attempts to fix it.
Very hard to set up child profile without paying for a subscription to freetime. Once I got it finally set up though, runs smoothly, but battery doesn't seem to last very long.
For the price this was an ok purchase...the camera picture is not very good to say the least but overall ok for the price.
This tablet is great for a first time tablet owner, just smaller than my current one.
I ordered several of these to send to family in Haiti. They were on sale.
Like the fact that you can add extra memory to this tablet. Overall great for travel for books and videos on Amazon.
We bought this tablet for my 75 year old father who wanted something handheld to play games and read his email. It is good for that. Screen is too small for elderly eyes but it made him feel like he was getting with today's technology . It was very cheap on Black Friday!
can not down load any apps from goggle play, didn't know amazon and goggle don't have agreements to sharge
My son was excited to get this and it kept closing on him. Returned it but they don't have any in stock to exchange. Frustrated and my son is upset
The Tablet is good for Kid's Basic use to watch Videos and play few games. Touch should be improved.
I want to start out by pointing out that I honestly was not expecting much to begin with. I was just hoping for something backlit to read with at night. My problem with it is that it was slow to the point where it was almost unusable. Just bite the bullet and get a more expensive model if you're new to Amazon Fire. This is not representative of the experience of owning one.
Good gift for basic Internet use browsing emails .
This table is realy nice for starters. This table have lots off free apps. It's easy to use and u can put in an sd card for more space.
purchased it tonight, time is wrong, you cannot change time manually because it has to have wifi to update the time.....AND IT WON'T CONNECT TO ANY WIFI THAT NEEDS A PASSCODE OR PASSWORD BECAUSE IT HAS TO HAVE CORRECT TIME!!!!!!! THIS IS 2016 TECHNOLOGY AMAZON? I've had many devices, but none that make you find a WIFI without a password (hard to do because starbucks, hotels, etc. all need you to click to agree to their terms for wifi...) all because the time cannot be changed without wifi!!!Returning it tomorrow!!!!!P.S. ALSO AN ISSUE ON THE AMAZON FORUMS, SO I AM NOT THE ONLY ONE DEALING WITH THIS!
The tablet stop working after the second week. I couldnt find the receipt to return it. Its just beenCollecting dust
This is the first time that I've used a Kindle tablet. I've used Android and Apple devices before, and this is a different beast. People that are used to an Android experience, will not be thrilled with this device. Even though it looks like Android, the Play Store is not available and not all of the basic apps are included in the Kindle Store. If I had to do it all over again I'd spend an extra $50 or $60 and get an actual Android tablet.
I like the Kindle fire over all, but the Kindles definitely have issues with the charging ports. We have the older 7s and we have issues with getting the cords to charge them. As a parent, you are better off not having children plug them in. We still continue to purchase new one because of the reasonable pricing and due to all the amazon app purchases we have made through the years. Hopefully one day they will design a better charging port
I purchased this for my son thinking it would be a good beginner tablet. I was so wrong. I couldn't even get it set up for him to use it. Before you comment that it may be the user, I have set up every electronic device I have purchased for myself or my children (compters, cell phones, lap tops, game systems) This tablet would not connect to wifi. I even took it across town thinking it could try that but still nothing. Maybe it was defaulty equipment. I sat right beside him and had perfect wifi. My other son sat right beside him had perfect Wifi.
This device would be the best possible tablet for the money if it had Google Play. However Amazon chose to block access to it. This took their well made tablet with a beautiful screen and great performance from an amazing value to a waste of money. This is my last amazon branded product.If you use a lot of apps or want specific apps shop for another device.
The price was good, and while it worked, the tablet was decent, but about a week later the screen began to turn all white. I performed a factory reset, as the screen was barely visible but that did nothing. Heard it was a common problem with these. Won't be buying again, but if the issues are fixed in other models I would look at those.
Don't like the fact you have to have Amazon prime to use it
its good product but it has a big problem , the battery is the big issue for this device.
Great tablets for everyday use. My child watches his favorite YouTube videos on it.
I like the size of it and it's easy to operate. I didn't like that I had to keep trying to put the same information in more than once to more from one screen to another when putting in my card information. I need to have wifi to look at the stuff I downloaded and I don't like that. But for the cost it's ok.
Good basic tablet, but already have troubles. Amazon sent a new one.
This product is very easy and light to use. Love it.
I got 6 of them they didn't have google plus me no like
good product for this price. I like my Amazon - Fire - 7 Tablet - 8GB - Black
I have one issue with this tablet. What headphones work with this tablet? I used a pair the first time to watch a movie and they worked fine. When trying to view a movie again none of the headphones are working on this tablet. I have tried multiple headsets with no success. Please Help!
brought it as a gift for my uncle and its a decent tab for the price.
Not sure of quality. His first Kindle Fire would no longer charge properly. It was cheaper to get a new one rather than attempt to have the old one fixed. He has already had a problem with this one charging properly; however, I believe the problem might have been with the charging cord and not the tablet itself.
The tablet is great for reading and watching movies
Great tablet for kids but the screen isn't as strong. Charging port is very poorly built
very good just don't forget to ask for the none promo one
Charge the device and was able to set up everything and when I came back to use it it would not work
I love using it to read and surf the internet. It is also very handy.
I purchased two of these for my kids since they both wanted tablets for Christmas. We liked that they could use it like their own but we had total control of what the used and viewed. It is a lot faster than the older Kindle. It is pretty durable as well.
I purchased this for my stepdaughter. well her dad and I are no longer together we divorced 2 yrs ago. Both her parents could not purchase this for her. So Merry Christmas little one. She loves it . Easy to learn great for pictures
I totally love the Kindle Fire tablets purchased for my grandkids. My sister purchased one in our hometown for my mother. She is equally happy. My granddaughter and grandson spend their wind down time in the evening on the tablets playing their favorite games. In addition, they want a dog and conduct research for the type of dog that the would like. Overall, the tablets are easy to use and provides technology for them when they visit every other weekend. I am pleased.
It is not as easy to use as my iPad. There is no Retina display , which I got used with my Apple gadgets
Bought this as a gift for my niece but I use it every now and then. She loves it, gives her ebook, music, videos, games etc... All in one through Amazon without having to get any external apps, most already built in. I like it as well except not so much the platform and navigating around it.
Very nice size. Now only 50$. There's no Google play store so can't use Google Chrome cast to watch movies on tv. A tablet Without a Google play store is a disadvantage.
It's okay for a beginner tablet to me. Not enough apps for purchase. I like the play store better.
my gesr fit heart monitor was not compatible with android level
Pros:CheapFunctions wellUsually pretty fastCons:Wifi signal isn't as strong as more expensive tabletsScreen pales in comparison to other Kindle'sFrequent burn-inIf you're looking for a cheap tablet that works, this does that. If you're looking for a top quality product at a bargain bin price, this isn't that.
I bought 6 of them. They made very good christmas gifts..
Nit sure was s gift not sure what the product is like
Great starter tablet, but let's face it... It's a Kindle at heart. Still, it's pretty awesome for a Kindle!!!
Good beginner tablet for older person who likes surf Internet.
I gave this as a gift and so I heard it has been working very well
My 3yr old grandson loves it. Will only be used for him
Had to return as the wifi was a little slow for my child's patience.
Unfortunately, the first time I plugged the Tablet in to charge it up, the battery overheated and shorted out the tablet. I returned it to Best Buy for a full refund with no hassles.
Its a great gift for my little one and he loves it
Bought this tablet for my daughter. It was very hard to figure out how to switch to the kids profile. She used it for maybe a day and when we went to charge it the cable just fell out and wouldn't actually charge.
it didn't work I had to return it after Christmas and buy something else, made for a wonderful Christmas mourning
I was unaware that it did not Have the Google Play Store or any formidable Stores to choose from! Amazon has to many App Stores it would seem. I get "turned Around" sorta Speak.... Due to the fact that i am unfamiliar with your Services. I am Learning Day to Day, I just Like to hit the Ground Running! But thank you for your time and Sharing these devices and making them readily Available to the General Public! Thank You, Johnny Young
The best advice I can give after 3 devices and 2 years later
Pretty basic tablet. Lagging processor but it works.
Bought this for my son for Christmas has been the biggest problem I have ever seen I would never give this to anyone again it's better being a paper weight
Slow, advertisement plagued. Save and spend money on something better.
Good enough for the price, I guess, but the touchscreen doesn't work in spots
This tablet disappointed me from the beginning. I loved my previous Fire tablet. However, this new one disappointed me from get go. I do not want it to tell me what I like or want! I do not like ads that pop up, I do not want suggestions for me on books, movies or anything else. I know what I like! I definitely do not want it talking to me! In this day and age, with identity theft prevalent, I would like to be able to have apps without having to turn on features like location, etc.. All in all, I am ready to bust it up and throw it away!
I'm giving it three stars because I haven't used it much, only to watch a few shows and movies.I've had it for aprox. a month and sometimes the screen goes blank, I have no idea why...is it the tablet?...or maybe the app?...clueless... I'm not making a big deal of it because I bought it on Black Friday (not that I have money to waste), but I don't think I'd buy it again.
It is too narrow, if watching a vid or utube, some of the pic is cut off. Can't erase the entire history. It keeps it and then recommends still based on your history, even tho you have cleared it. Amazon selling ALL the time is very tiresome. I never go to an ad that follows me from site to site yet it's ubiquitous. Tiresome. Had the fire 8.9 hdx. It was Perfect and they discontinued it for this line. It is a fingerprint magnet! Have to clean it daily.
Good tablet but very limited in apps, only to basic surfing
If you are looking for an inexpensive tablet that can keep up with everyday casual use then this tablet is a good buy.
The first time I buy my first tablet it came on but it only showed that it needed to reeboot, it then shut off by its self.
My daughter's Google tablet had run its course so I purchased this. I miss the simplicity of android.
We bought this for the son of a family friend. From what we can tell they like it. Not the highest resolution screen and you have to be tied to Amazon services to really enjoy it, but it's definitely a nice functioning tablet.
Bought this for my 12yr old son. Can't get him off of it. Gave it 3 stars because it doesn't support google play store and doesn't load most pics on pinterest sometimes. You might need a memory card if you purchase 8gb tablet.
Can't download "TCM" nor my Cable providers " tv on the go" app
Very slow.My 73 year old mother loves it.I would recommend this to a elder or a young child.
I ended up returning it after 15 days. The browser was too slow. I bought so I wouldn't have to look stuff up on my phone all the time. Ended up being slow, so I just ended up always using my phone.
I prefer the iPad but it's okay for the cost just to many ads tho
I don't know how to use this stupid tablet, but my kids sure love it. We've downloaded games and movies for the kids, and they seem to be fairly entertained by the darn thing. We bought one for Christmas, and ended up getting a second one so the kids stop fighting.
Good inexpensive tablet. I use it to control my E series vizio and andriod box. Apps open slower than on my Galaxy S7 edge but other than that everyting works as expected. Note that google play store is not available without modification
This is not a bad tablet for the price. I personally need a little more on high end side. The plastic look doesn't do it for me.It has a expandable Micro Sd Slot and decent battery life. I gifted it to the Mrs. and she loves it.
Will never buy a amazon tablet for games again it dosent have Google play and the games take forever to download!!!
I bought this product to gift to a 8year old kid and she loved it. she plays games, puzzles.
Tablet bought for a 10 year old child. Perfect pricing for a lot of tablet. Great pricing and good product.
Very low quality tablet. It lags on games. But what do you expect for $50? However, you can still do most things you'd expect to do with a tablet.
Price is low, but OS is lacking unlike other brands it doesnt come with a decent charger. To refill battery you have to charge it overnight.
I recently purchased this Amazon Fire for my daughter, i like that it has the little accent of a night light, so if we are watching a movie in the dark, she can still use it without illuminating the entire room. features are average, just like any other tablet. It is a little bulky but for a child, it gets the job done. Pretty sturdy when its dropped. Doesnt have much storage, but the good news is you can add your own SD to create more storage.
I love this device for my kids who are way too young to trust with a $500 tablet such as an iPad. Works efficiently, my kids love it, & I love the parental control features. If something happens to it, amazon handles it quickly & if it were to break or get lost, it's cheap to replace. That being said, it obviously doesn't hold a candle to Samsung or apple's tablets. I'm not really a fan of the operating system.
i have bought at least 6 people this kindle it is perfect......
Logging in with a password can be difficult since the typed lettersare not shown, even temporarily, so inadvertent typos require guesswork to find.Signing out of e-mail is not clear, if it can be done.Some "free" downloads fail because of lack of payment.Allowing for my lack of skills. I was hoping for a little more.It was OK fort basic stuff.
Priced for the modest budget, but is totally capable of performance to satisfy the basic needs of entry level tablet users.
It came with dead pixels so i was very disappointed. i called then they replaced it. I ended up returning it completely because it was too slow.
After only 4 days, the device would not charge. It was plugged in each evening and on the 4th day, it was at 7% after being plugged in all night. This was our second Amazon Fire Tablet, the first one stopped charging in month 13, right after the manufacturer's warranty expired. Decided to get another one because it was a great deal, but sadly I've learned you don't even get what you pay for with this tablet.
It was a cheap tablet just for kids to watch movies. However, it forces you to put your credit card numbers to register the product. I don't want to since kids will be playing with it. I don't want them to be able to purchase apps without approval. Reset it to factory default, but the setup changed not the same as first started. Anyway, I won't but it again.
Didn't like it. To many pop up ALL THE TIME. Don't recommend at all
It is a nice tablet to have, however I do not like the setup for making a kid profile and not being able to download to their profile. Also do not like amazon's charge for a kid profile.
Good beginner tablet, Light enough for small hands to carry. I got the cover as well which was a good investment as little hands tend to drop things. Not a lot of space, but enough.
Bought this for my nephew. The price is right, however, the tablet is terrible. Spend the money and get an iPad.
Great for a first tablet. Needed something larger than my phone and it comes in handy when the grandkids visit.
Not user friendly, in regards to compatibility with Google Play services, Play Store, etc. Definitely needs to be improved upon
The Kindle works as it should and was inexpensive but has a short battery life
It's a great starter tablet for children,very inexpensive and durable.
Bought this hoping for a cheaper version of iPad. Not familiar with OS. overall, not excited about it
Tablet is very well built for 49.99 . Only issue is the speed of the processor
Bought for lil brother its a ok tablet for a kid especially apps like WWE and cartoon
works for what needed, watching netfix app is done
I would recommend this to anyone it quite compact and easy to use and it good for any age.
Was looking for a low-priced tablet to access my Kindle and magazine apps - specifically The Economist. What I didn't realize was that this was the ad-version of the Kindle, so removing ads on it would not be possible w/o fee - and worse, there's some limitation around some apps and everything located in the Google Play store, so apps like The Economist were not available. Sooooo... returned.
ok I have played three games it's great, have had no time to do other work yet
Good for kids good for reading not good for much else
...but WiFi isn't working great. I have love Amazon Kindles since my first one, replaced it with a 7" Fire HD, then got 7" Fires...multiple ones. Problem is the last 3 work with wifi for a while, then start having problems. Reset wireless modem worked for a while, then hard reset did, now won't work for wifi at all. Will keep trying, though.
Decent tablet. I knew it wouldn't be fast but it does get the job done and it was relatively cheap.
Does what you would expect for the price. Not a spectacular device but it gets the job done.
This Kindle is great for the price. However, there are some downsides to paying for a $50 tablet. The battery life goes very quickly, so daily charges are necessary if you're a heavy reader. You also can't save anything of merit like books or magazines to a mini-SD card, thus making a purchase of one a waste of time and money.
Best at its price. Just bought it because its less when compared ot other leading tablets. good for Skype.
This is the possibly the best Tablet if you are an Amazon store/prime centric user. But, it doesn't include the Google Play Store and doesn't include most / any of the Google apps, which are stables in the Tablet world. No Google Inbox, etc. For me, this tablet is a "skip". But, it's cheap and if it meets your needs you might love it.
Did not care for this product. Had difficulty downloading some Aps.
Sadly no having netflix support is resulting in my last tablet purchase from Amazon.
this is Great for reading books or doodling at work.
For it's price point, this is a great little tablet. As long as your not looking for something to do everything, you'll be happy. This was given as a gift and the recipient was very happy with it.
Meets expectations consistent with the price. I don't really use it for anything. It simply can't replace my iPad. Both the screen quality and battery life are poor relative to my iPad 4 from a few years ago, so I haven't found a use for this Kindle Fire. Generally it just feels cheap and the user interface not as clean as the iPad. I think it's value is consistent with the low price point.
Works fine for a $50 basic tablet/reader. Other functions, not so great. Very entry level.
I bought this expecting the same quality i have received in the previous 3 kindles I purchased. I am disappointed. I like the price. The home screen is just all the apps right in your face, not just the ones you want, like in the older version kindle fire. I mostly use it for reading books, and so far I'm dissatisfied. It's great to swipe to the next page, but when I want to go to settings or something else while reading I find it difficult to open. Instead the page just turns and by the time I finally get to the book settings, I've lost my spot! I downloaded the Facebook app and it's very slow. Maybe it's Amazons way of telling me that's what I get for $50 but come on. Sometimes I like to use the kindle to search the web and that too is slow. I compared it to my older version and there is a noticible difference in speed. I know there are other cool user tools, but for me I mostly use it to read and check Facebook and maybe Pinterest. It's priced well if you want it for kids, it's user friendly and my kids have already figured out all the options. I would recommend it for kids or for people who are technologically not savvy.
Did what I needed it to do took back to get a bigger size
It works great, its just not quite what I wanted for my daughter.
My view comes from being only a IPad user. And my purchase purpose was for a very young granddaughter whose sole purpose right now is to steal my Ipad to watch YouTube cartoons, and she operates it very well.I'm giving this 3 stars because I'm returning this in less than 24 hours. So I didn't give this much of a chance. First it seems it REALLY wants you to sign up for Amazon Free Time ($4.99 month). Guessing my experience would be a whole lot smoother if I did that.So created the child profile on the tablet, moved the YouTube app to the profile. Opened the app and got selections for Popular, Music, Movies etc... Could not locate a "search" feature. After repeated tapping, got Music to open. Only to get a warning that "this content is restricted in the Amazon Free Time app". What? So I have to join to unlock YouTube? I'm technically savy so the fact that I was frustrated didn't bear well for the granddaughter. Maybe there was another way around this but I didn't look. Should not have to.Couple this with the random ads for games, Amazon Prime, etc that pops up and that was enough for me. So going back to get a Windows tablet where you click on the YouTube app you get what you are expecting without restrictions. For the $49.99 price I had to try this. But not for me.
Better quality then most tablets in same price range. I still suggests the accident protection plan or at least a okay case for it. Ads on lock screen is a bit of a let down but it functions like its supposed to.
If you don't mind the slow performance, it is a good tablet for the price.
I would say this is great for kids, but the apps are very limited. There are only a few good free apps in the kindle store. The battery life is very poor. The volume is either loud or it can't be heard. It's hard to find a good middle ground. Overall it's still a good tablet for the price.
This tablet is easy to use but if you need to use play store, so I don't recommended because it doesn't have
I like the Kindle Fire. I use it to access my movies and apps. I use it for my gaming apps.
I needed this for my two six year olds to be able to use during our drive to Disney. You are unable to get most apps that are offered on iTunes and android market so I returned.
don't care much for it you have to purchase any apps that r used on daily basis
This Tablet anonymous me so much simple apps like You Tube are a hassle to get and unless you know about .apk you are lost. Great for readers and simple web surfing. I do like the free games from underground. My unit arrived damage. Amazon replacing let's see how that goes.
I do not like the layout. I want to remove stuff from the screen and can't . I don't like some of the lock out features like playing songs for the kids. i do not like all the advertisements. I don't like the screen doesn't go dark when i want it to such as when music is playing. I liked the samsung
I was in best buy having computer worked on, waiting I saw the Amazon fire 6, and saw the great price and bought it. I have been pleased with the features and user friendly.
This is a good basic tablet bought it for my 4 year old. Only complaint is that it doesn't have one of the most popular games ( despicable me) which my son loves so he still have to use mine for that. Plz update software Amazon!
Good product for the money. Compared to earlier versions not as durable. The outside casing is plastic. Not good. For the money good buy.
Got 3 of them, great cost for what you get. My kids are down to only one left. Killed 2 of them sadly. Setting up can be a pain. Kids keep asking to add more apps. You have to delete the old to add more. I'm starting to dislike them more then the kids like them.
There are some things I can't download. But, good.
Disappointed with this tablet. Get one that uses Android system, not Amazon.
It was given to my friend as a gift. I hope he likes it.
Fast up to 5 windows open without problemsCamera not very good pics come out blurry
Good product for $50. External SD card is nice option.
The constant bombardment of ads when I turn on my tablet is not an experience that I enjoy. I would recommend you buy ANY other than one that runs the Fire OS. For the same price you can get a cheap android tablet and do a lot more with it.
Purchased this to mainly read books after my Nook died. Can't beat the price, but the print quality isn't as good as some other tablets. It's more like black on grey as oppose to crisp white. It can be a little difficult to read from versus the higher price tablets.
From the minute you turn it on there's advertising. The OS is very different from a standard tablet OS - I couldn't get an app that I wanted from the Google Play Store - it just wouldn't work on this. As I said before, I found the amount of advertising just ridiculous.
The only thing that I didn't like was that I had to sign up with Amazon Prime in order for my son to get unlimited games. I ended up paying a little bit more.
I bought a first generation Kindle Fire a few years back, when it was on sale for something like 185.00 and loved it. It took a bit of a beating and I had recently begun to think about buying a replacement. I think that original tablet would probably be more comparable to the Fire HD 10 or something. So my experience with this version is colored by the higher quality first generation model. I also use a Surface Pro tablet as my personal/work computer, so that too probably color my opinion. Out of the box this is lighter than the original. Upon powering up, the original bookshelf carousel is now replaced by a more standard tablet home screen. In terms of processing speed this version feels a little slow. Games I had on the original seem to struggle a bit on the new Fire. Web-browsing is not terrible but is not terribly fast either. In the end, if you want a good e-reader on a budget with a few extra features, this is a great buy. If you're looking for a serious small tablet, you may wish to add a bit more to your budget and get one of the older siblings.
Initially I bought this for my son and he's been using it everyday with a protective cover since my purchase my only issue I have really with the unit is that the charging port is in a horrible position and it's very difficult to insert the charger easily I may have a defective unit which I may have to return since the charging port is quite loose the price was right but quality could be a little better
Not bad for an entry-level tablet. Pretty much what I expected for the price I paid for it. My four-year-old loves it
Honestly the worst tablet ever owned. Was very slow and unreliable would switch off
Good tablet for the price. Was looking for a substitute for the Amazon Fire HD 7 that my son lost, and this is a pretty good replacement. Not that much of a difference.
I read reviews before making a decision for my purchase, but ended up returning the device as I was expecting an experience like that of an Android tablet.
Bought this for my 82 year old dad. It was to complicated for him to use. I couldn't figure enough of it out to be able to explain it all to him in the time I was visiting him. Returned and bought a different kind.
So I love my electronics. I have an Ipad but when I saw this on sale I got myself one just to have since I am a prime member I figured I could use this too. The only thing I like about this is that you an expand the the storage. If the Ipad had that option it would be amazing. So since I then expanded the memory I can have more movies to watch offline. Camera is horrible, So I would say if you have a younger child, this may be decent but nothing compares to an ipad.
I don't have wi fi. so I can't use the device. I'm returning it. I wanted something that my father could use as an e reader. I thought I would be able to download books via my computer using the usb cable. You can't do this unless you are registered. You cannot register unless you have wi fi. Amazon needs to fix this. This is a major flaw.
Didn't know you had to buy space and many other things for this item to work.
You get what you pay for. A small tablet, with OK specs. What was annoying about this tablet was the fact that you have to pay to remove "offers." You shouldn't have to pay to remove bloatware.
Ok reader battery power not what advertized. Not able to upgrade
The screen is Crack already with the kids proof case
Pro's The colors on the screen are AWESOME. It is easy to operate and move around in and has lots of app's in stalled. Con's The operating speaker has very low output and is hard to hear.
If your looking for a simple tablet that does basic things? This is the one for you. I like it.
Bought for my son.. He really liked it for a starter tablet
It's good and fast. It does what you want it for. I use it mainly for reading and my son plays a few games on it. Alright product.
Bought the tablets for my kids. The tablet isn't really friendly for them. The home pages try to take you to amazon stuff only and when they download games it's kind of hard to find them. Battery life can't hold up to a 5yr old. He runs it dead quicker then it can charge.
When i first got the tablet the screen was damaged, overall it's a decent tablet. Its sorta slow, at the end of the day all i gotta say is only bruisers remain.
I wanted a small tablet to read news and watch videos. I have Amazon Prime, so I figured why not, it is really cheap. Well, I believe you get what you pay for. This fire tablet froze on me, when I only had one thing open. I am very disappointed. It also is very slow when you rotate the screen. Ugh! I will be returning it.
It's very appealing for the price, but know in advance that the warranty is only 90 days... I did not. So when my sons device stopped charging due to a lose charging port a little over 2 months after he got it, I didn't rush to call. I have been taking care of seriously ill family members so I put customer service on the bottom of my list of priorities since I thought I had time,,, especially knowing that these types of calls can sometimes take hours which I didn't have. Today my son was home sick, so I had the day to do the things at the bottom of my list so I called Amazon. 52 minutes later, after doing all their trouble shooting steps THREE times and being disconnected once, she decided to tell me that my warranty was only for 90 days but she would be happy to help me buy one for only $49.99........ Ok. After I calmly explained to he that that was full price and I wasn't about to spend that again on a device that barely made it two months, she put me on hold and 5 minutes later she told me that they would generously give me $10 off my next purchase.Moral of the story, know before you buy & if you still buy, call the minute the thing breaks, even if that means your mom will be an hour late for chemo I guess.Also, during my 45 minute search for who to call about the defect (since it wasn't on the box) I found the Amazon support number on a thread with at least 200 other people talking about their defective charging ports. Keep that in mind.If $50 is something you can spend every 2 months, it might be worth it????
It's great! The price is right. You can load lots of books and cloud is unlimited to keep your books
Pad 50 bucks for this tablet and have been happy with it used a an internet reader. Can play video with some lag and buffering
Kindle is nice for road trips to watch movies. Good battery life. It's cool.
Very simple, works good for checking email and surfing. Very Amazon intense. Lots of advertising.
If you are fan of iOS and iPad then you will not like this product. I prefer to give it to either kids who want to play and watch videos or people who loves to read( only if they Amazon prime account).
it's just ok for a tablet, it doesn't have google play store of course which limits a wide variety. I would think by now they would offer most of the play store apps but nope. It's slow and browser doesn't load pages with flash or graphics good. poor camera. but it functions ok for a cheap tablet. i didn't expect a lot, but did expect better from kindle.
Navigating around the tablet can be somewhat confusing at times, but for the price you cannot get a better tablet.
I was really hoping for this to take place for my phone with my kid. It did not. It works decent to stream videos.
Tablet works wells for easy reading. It is also very lightweight.
I bought the Amazon Fire thinking it was all that and it is as long as I am home with a strong wifi. It does not pick up wifi good the connection is very weak when I try to connect elsewhere like I have to be right near the box or it doesn't pick up. But I find that with my camera also an Amazon product. Ok so that may be the problem.
This is a great tablet for kids. I like the fact that it is not expensive, in case it is lost or broken. I bought a second tablet for my son and it works great!
Good for beginners. Wanted something simple and that's what I got
For my 11 yr old, serves it purpose which is playing games and listening to music
Bought it so my son would stop grabbing for my phone. Does what it needs to but battery life is horrible
So slow, camera not good, very low quality of picture.. Get Apple iPad mini instead.
If you are buying it is a great price. To buy for you kids . They should come with a case for same price.
Bad graphics. Ugly design. Good for the price. Not recommended.
I've bought over 10 replacement charging wires, the ones with the micro mail end that inserts into the Fire to charge it. After one or two uses, the wires become loose and fall out. They definitely won't stay put to charge. Does anyone else have this problem? What's the solution? If not for this, I would recommend it.
Bought to replace our broken kindle reader. Good battery life and size, much heavier than our old paper white. Easy to organize and find your documents, and books with. Wireless works smooth so far.
Sad that I had to replace my original Kindle due to inability to recharge the unit. Now with this model the charge plug is a pain to use. Kindle please work on your designs.
Slightly slow. However, really good for the price. Also... these Amazon tablets don't use the normal google app store... they use the Amazon app store, which is not as extensive as the Google App store. This can be a significant drawback.
Once connected to my wi-fi, it would not connect to daughters wi-fi when I visited her. The loading time for programs is really slow. Oh well, what did I expect for only $49??
Worked fine for a month, then refused to take a charge. Returned to best buy, and advised that amazon like to handle their own warranty issues. Stuck with a store credit card. I suppose it will get used, but not impressed with the product at all
This movie could have been a little more action packed. Ok for what it was
Okay don't like the setup. I like Android way better. Cannot download you tube. It is for my six year old who has lost 3 3ds xls if he can keep this one from damage's for 6 months he gets an up grade.its very small
Screen, camera, and processor don't perform too well but for the price you pay, it's definitely a bargain.
Good starter tablet. Best used as a book reader. Not really for business use
PPI too low for reading.. kinda regret getting it.. should've gotten a used ipad instead.
Table overall was ok but after 30 days it wouldn't work, and there was no warranty after 30 for Best Buy so I just waste 30 for nothing
if you just want something basic cheap and cannot afford something better then it would be fine. But I needed it to do certain things that the other one was to small to handle.
I love that my son loves to read and all so the Kindle is perfect for him. It updates and is very easy to use. I don't like that it's as fragile as it is. My 12 year old has plenty of electronics but the screen has already cracked on this one. I'm not too happy about that.
All I can say, as soon as I opened this tablet it never ever turned on, I was so upset as I've followed the troubleshooting steps from other users online and still it never worked, I fully charged the tablet and tried again and still it never turned on. I had a very hard time at the best buy returning this item; had to spend an hour and explained the situation to them; they never believed me this item came to be defective; after storming out and after a while; they have decided to accept the return and gave me credit for it.I would never buy an Amazon product ever again. piece of junk, bad quality product.Thanks,
Good tablet for reading books you love... still need to get used to it since all I have used in the past are apple products .
Got this on sale during Black Friday. Great little tablet for the price. It isn't fast but gets the job done.
It's nice for the price, nice gift for kids and grandparents
Very disappointed that in order to get to my books, I have to get through ads. Didn't have this on my first Kindle Fire.
Great tablet but after about a year it starts acting up and you cannot get help from Amazon to fix it.
Smaller than I thought and processing speed is not very good. With that said, for the price you can't beat it...
Very good experience okay at the Niles Ohio location. Great price for children 6 to 11 that aren't real responsible. Did not buy warranty on the tablets priced a little high for something that was as priced as low as they were.
Good as a reader. Decent tablet for price. After a few months battery drains quickly.
I got this stuff for myself to watch Netflix, YouTube
Lol.... the only reason i bought this tablet was so i could load my games from my phone and play them on larger screen but i didnt realize that sonce its an amazon product it wont load google play or support vlash of clans or any other google game a big thumbs down.... i guess im just stuck with a tablet that is useless for me
The free Geek Squad virus protection does not work and the apps you can download are limited.
I'm ambivalent about this tablet. It's a great price point and the picture quality is amazing. It's great for watching Netflix. But, you are locked in to only the apps available on Amazon. I can't download my browser if choice or even the google search app. Additionally, the tablet is linked to Amazon, and basically unusable if you don't have a valid Amazon account, I bought an additional tablet for a non Amazon person and they couldn't download any apps.
Ouch. I bought this Fire tablet, and used it for about four hours, and left it on a charger. A couple of hours later, I picked up the tablet, and the screen was showing a weird 'ghosting' effect, and then the screen went completely black.I twisted the chassis and screen a bit and managed to get things working again, just long enough to do a factory reset and return the tablet.I'm sure I had a defective/damaged tablet, but I was underwhelmed with the quality, and it would be nice if Amazon brought back the higher quality HDX tablets, for people who don't mind paying more for quality tablets.
Got this for my daughter & grandson for their birthday.
Over all the product is good and works as advertised but lately it is constantly having issues keeping enet connection and even worse has issues updating. We were told this is a larger amazon network issue.
If you just want to watch movies or shop, it does the job. Not enough memory to do much else. But for the price its great for kids.
We decided to buy the amazon tabs due to the great price on black Friday. We returned them.
This is good for beginners but not very good . Its wifi work terrible
I'm use to android so this was hard for me but I returned it and got something andriod
Not a big fan of Amazon fire tabs...got one as gift from grandparents and it memory on 8GB gets full too quick and no way to expand
I own 3 of these kindles, for my children who are young. They can take some wear and tear, but recently one of mine quit charging. The charger will no longer connect with the port inside the kindle. The kindle itself was working just fine, but since it can no longer be charged, it is no longer functioning. I am really disappointed, and plan on buying a replacement. My children love being able to play on the kindle and for the price you really can't beat the deal.
Seems like a good value, though I'm not sure how much it allows Amazon to spy on me. Major problem, does not connect my WIFI at home. My Android and Lap Top connect; and the Fire connects elsewhere, not sure if it's a WIFI problem or a Fire problem. Will contact Amazon to see if they can tell. Otherwise I would recommend.
Was a bit difficult to initially set up. Ease in operations would be great, the tablet doesn't hold battery well at all. It seems that maybe and hour or two goes by before time to re-up on battery life.
Was3nt used to an Amazon was used to android.this product is good just wasent used to it
This is not as cheap feeling as I thought it was going to be. It's definitely not in the iPad class but it's not bad for what it is. I ordered online and did not have one in my hands until mine arrived. Pros: The screen is decent, sound is loud enough for me, no lag scrolling and Real Racing 3 plays smoothly. Cons: The major down side is battery charging time, battery life and built in storage space. When it arrived, it was showing 76% remaining. After less than 2.5 hours use, it had to be charged. I just read where it can take 6 hours or longer to charge. My iPad Air 2 can fully charge in a few hours from 0%. Built in storage is not enough. Yes you can get micro SD cards however some apps will only install on the built in storage. Also, you can not delete Amazon apps without voiding the warranty. And unless I'm missing something, you can't move them either.So if you are looking for something to use casually for web surfing, email, watching movies, reading books and the occasional game, this should be just fine...keeping in mind the battery life and lack of built in storage. But you won't be doing any serious work on this like you can on the iPad's. But to be fair, this is 1/10 the price of my iPad Air 2 and 1/8 the cost of an iPad Mini 4. But I don't believe it's meant to be a direct iPad competitor. Because if it were, it would fail miserably.
takes 30 minutes to connect to wifi and none of the apps work on it and i restored it 3 times already. Big and bulky. you will be better to get the more expensive model
These were gifts for young family members and they are really enjoying them, but the initial setup was a pain
I hate it, there isn't any organization for the apps
Great gift for a young teen.tereat price. Terrific.
Had about 6 months very slow Started out good but has been getting slower . Cleared everything still not good
I really just needed a cheap Christmas gift for one of my god children ..
I ran multiple different type of games. Can't handle.
Got this because it was on sale and I had a gift card. It is extremely slow using the internet. Hoping to be using it was an e-reader.
Video files transferring issue. Some files appear.
I prefer apple products myself. But this is perfect for children
The Kindle is a great tablet for minor tasks and games or for a child. I haven't had it long, but I'm able to use it for what I bought it for, e-books for school.
It was a nice tablet for the price. It's a nice beginner tablet and a good tablet for children.
The Kindle line is great for easily syncing into existing Amazon accounts & it's a great tablet for basic functions, like internet use, video streaming, music streaming, apps, etc.etc.etc. However, the tablet cannot currently stream downloaded movies from Ultraviolet, which is a pain for most users that primarily bought this device for that purpose. I would currently not recommend the purchase of this device until you find out that Amazon has fixed the issue, if one of your criteria(s) for the perfect tablet is to be able to watch downloaded movies!
Limited apps, screen not as easy to touch. Good for the price.
This tablet is AWESOME to say the least, however the charger port is faulty and does not work properly. I need a replacement for my granddaughter who absolutely LOVES this product, as well as my other two grandchildren. Their Kindle is a staple in their lives!
We got one of these for my mother in law. She mostly plays games and looks at things online. The tablet is good for a minimal browsing and games...not for expert use.
I had wanted a Fire for about 3 Years but didn't pick one up but this time I did. Wasn't what I thought it would be like.
Just bought my Kindle Fire and although the "Amazon" and "Fire" come up otherwise the product is dead!!!!!!! I have tried the help section but no help. Taking it back to the store. If it would work I would love it.
Not very user friendly. A bit slow & heavy. Burned out pixel right out of box. Noticeable but not bothersome. Still like my iPad after trying fire.
This a great tablet for the parents who enjoy playing games.
I don't read the books. I'm still learning about it. I don't really even use it.
I know I can pay to get rid of the ads but it's just a bad idea, tablet works fine otherwise. And if your okay with Amazon apps.
Bought for grandchild who is 10 and she loves it. Easy for her to handle and navigate. Price was awesome!
First day after purchasing the tablet the screen turned green. Since then it has given us problems with the screen turning green. I will be returning the item.
Bought this for 4 year old to watch Netflix and movies via Google Play.The entire user experience is Amazon-centric. The OS appears to be Android-based but is repackaged/rebuilt as FireOS. As a result this device does NOT have an Android OS user-interface.I was able to install the NetFlix app but I did not test it. You cannot load the Google Play app, which means that all the kid's movies (i.e. Toy Story, etc) that we intended to play are not available. For this reason alone the device is getting returned today.
Bought this on sale during Black Friday. Disappointed that there aren't more apps available. Will be returning.
Great if you read alot of magazines, books or plan to spend alot of $ for music and stuff...most aps arnt available like google play store
.. I bought four of these tablets two of them I need to return because as soon as my nephew's turn them on there were problems with screen being almost completely white and black in the corners you can't see anything I've checked the settings it's not the city it's the tablet SMH I am disappointed
My only comment, the pre installed apps cannot be removed. I purchased the 8GB model. Only about 2 GB of storage available.
Didn't really do it for me. Being an ipad user, this unit was really foreign. If you are familiar with Amazon Fire products, it will be great for you.
Screen resolution could be better. I got what I paid for. Fine for browsing.
If u have kids or just need a basic tablet this is a good 1 for starters. Only thing I dont like are the ads that show when u unlock it
Tablet was working perfectly. Now the charging port isn't working. Can't charge the tablet. Will be sending back.
Don't know I bought as gift for my nephew, we will see.
basic tablet. Good for beginners. Easy to carry. It can be used with ease.
Super Slow, Would not download, Returned after a week
We use this as an extra tablet for the coffee table and it does everything we need for a basic tablet
Just ok even for the low price of 33$. It's more like a toy than a tablet.
I guess it's ok...All the apps are in need of updating. Amazon won't or can't update them. There help center did nothing.
I bought the tablet for games and surfing the internet. This is a slow tablet, not made for gaming - graphics are commonly not supported. Super cheap tablet, you get what you pay for. Ended up returning it.
My daughter loves her tablet. However we had to replace the first one we bought as it couldn't connect to the wifi properly. The second one works fine now.
Good tablet to purchase for a first time tablet user.
Works well but after memory builds it starts acting up. Shuts on and off randomly. But for the price it's ok.
This item was a gift. I've heard that it was a great product for the value. Recipient loved it.
It's slippery u cannot hold it it always slips and lots of ads definitely not good if u don't like advertising
Each time that the Kindle Fire needs to be unlocked, an advertisement pops up on the screen. To remove these ads cost an additional fee, so be aware that this is the case. I have owned Nooks previously and they were more flexible in usage - such as being able to read epub books easily, for example.
Can't be it for $34 to use it on the plane for the kids. Scrolling down is kinda sluggish compared to my phone.
I only but it for the price. I won't be trading it for my i pad
Very good tablet camera not very good poor resolution
It's ok best for kids I think or if you in to reading books
Very slow, freezes frequently but it was 34 dollars
Bought as a gift for mom. I've seen one before nothing spectacular but they work. Fixed a screen for a friends last year. It took maybe 20 minutes so that's a plus.
Good tablet,the screen is a little confusing but OK
It broke so quick. You get what you pay for honestly.
You get what you pay for. No complains............
Decent product for the price compared to others in the same price range
Great tablet for the price. Not really for reading books.
I didn't realize that you can't even put Youtube or similar apps on here. Ugh. Had to return product and get a different one.
When i opened this tablet there was a white line in the bottom corner of the screen. Everything worked fine but that line was bothering me. I returned it to the store and got a replacement but it had another white line. Other than that it was a good tablet, it is very affordable
Worked good for a month, the kids loved it but then just went black and wouldn't come back on. Sending it back to get a new one with the warranty.
I picked this up on Black Friday when it was $30. It seemed like the parental controls would make it good for my kids. I'm not sold. While I can sideload the Google Play store, you can't access anything you download from the safety of the child's account. In addition, 8 GB is practically useless.
Can't expect too much at $33.33, out of the box it has pixel damage. Already have it set up too much of hassle to return or exchange now.
Bought it as a toy for my daughter to play games and watch videos.
I picked this up on Black Friday and ended up returning it the following week. This may be greater for an e-reader but can't replace a tablet for emails / amazon shopping.
I bought this and the kids version past Christmas. Its lack power and storage to be useful unless you want to just read books. Don't waste money on this product. The kids version is a good ideal but loading the apps, when they work takes forever. When they do work, the kids enjoy them. So I consider it to be a hit and miss. I'll be canceling the subscription as soon as my free year is up. Not wasting money on it.
I purchased this for our goddaughter and while the price is amazing, and the tablet is acceptable for low overhead use, I set up the same tablet for my daughter and it is too slow for my use.
Not impressed but don't regret it. I like the parent controls a lot though - main reason I got it.
Great easy to use great pictures great price. Awesome
Good for the price. A very basic tablet with basic functionality
Don't like all the ads. Didn't know that they would be permanent because I bought it on sale. It's very slow and has trouble connecting to my wifi.
It's for my kids so I didn't want to spend to much but they down load all the games they want and keeps them busy
i bought it as a replacement for my son's tablet that got broken. he likes to watch kids youtube app in the evening when we are winding down but with amazon you cant get any youtube apps just some terrible knock offs which was the point for getting to begin with. the orice was great though!
I bought this tablet for my child because he previously had one. Not much storage and the cord strips easily.
ok product serves the purpose nothing more than that
Didn't work more that 4 months. Don't waste your money.
I purchased this item on sale as an alternative tab to android RC tablet. Fire tab is extremely slow, my son had been using RC tablet without any problem, but this one is slow, takes forever the web page to load, apps are also slow. Absolutely waste of money.
You get what you pay for. It works but is very slow.
I will never buy this again very cheap not with a dime
This is my 3rd kindle and my last-i'm moving on to something better!For me -following all packaging insert guidelines-they only lasted a year at the most.
I purchased this for my mother in law. She is getting old and wanted something she could see.The font size was never quite right for her and she was often confused by all the attempts this device makes to sell you something. It really wasn't a good fit for her.The device died approximately 1 week after purchase. We returned it for a refund.
Died after 120 days....30 days out of warranty. Some no name brand lasted us 3 years before this one. Figured we would get a "name brand" thinking that it will last longer. I won't be purchasing Kindle/Amazon products anymore.
The product is good for children. The downside is, the tablet's charging port will get loose and not function anymore within the first month of use. If you plan on giving this to a child, make sure you take care of charging it for them, dont let them do it on their own, or they will most likely mess up the port even quicker as they are a bit careless.
Silk is painfully slow and doesn't work on many websites. Had to install Mozilla to use bestbuy.com ironically. I can't put in orders with Silk (the default Fire browser). If using Silk make sure to disable the caching to Amazons servers. With caching on the browser is almost unusable.Ads are really annoying (only come on when you first turn it on) but I don't even really notice what they are. Usually things I'd never purchase like makeup (I'm a guy) or other junk. These make decent devices for the kids for playing games on too. This is not a quality device like a Galaxy Tab but for the price its good enough because you know they're going to break it at some point.
Disposable tablet, almost like a burner phone. Works ok, but need SD card, very little space.
Should of did a little more research. Do not like the ads on the start screen.
2nd kindle liked the first one better space bar located to close to change menu icons download is slow and have great internet service, device freezes up a lot and have to shut down and reboot, must close out any open tab to open a new one one happy with this model
Quality of screen display is lacking and the reason I returned the tablet. For adult users I cannot recommend.
I use this Amazon Kindle for Web browsing & social media. Convenient for traveling, but camera sucks so use your phone for pictures.
Tablet itself is good, I mostly use it to read on the go. However, this tablet only works with Amazon approved apps. As long as you don't mind it, this is a good choice. Get it on sale for a better price
I got mine for a month, and I mainly use it to read PDF documents from SD card or OneDrive. The tablet is nothing like the reviews said. It FREEZES up every time I press "Home" or go to the next page or even to close out. When I go on the internet, some pages do not load fully. 9/10 times only the 1st half of the page was loaded. I am very disappointed.
For $50 this is a fine tablet, However I bought a 64gb SD card to expand the storage, however i have found that a majority of apps are not able to be saved to the external card , nor can they save data to it (for example Netflix). So be warned that you will run out of space and consider the one with the larger internal storage.
I purchased my Amazon Fire to check my E-mails and play games on it. SinceI have been using it, I check my bank accounts, use for reading and getting answers for problems on the internet. I am a Happy Camper.
An OK product. Bought on Black Friday for $35, you get what you pay for. Runs slow at times, good for simple tasks.
can't connect to any router, hot spot. Returned and so did the sales clerk with theirs. enough said...
Works well for the purpose it was used for not fancy but good quality tablet
I bought this tablet because it seemed worth it for the price. However, it only lasted 6 months before the battery died and was not chargeable, regardless of troubLeshooting and what cord or outlet I used.Best Buy said they couldn't do anything but said Amazon could help me since it should be under warranty. I escalated multiple times with Amazon and they refused to help me each time. So save your $49.99 and put it towards a good product.
I have bought multiple fire tablets and will continue too. I would advise to get the protection plan for any problems and we have had a few. The tablets work good for the most part but I would upgrade the memory to 16 if you are going to play a lot of games.
Decent screen, kinda slow response on the touch screen.
I'd say for the price it was a decent Tablet it did what I needed it to do but the support I'd say through the App side was a bit rather weak which is the big downfall of this tablet. Amazon also does a lot of advertisements on the tablet for example the lock screen and multiple pages on your home screens which can be rather annoying and unremoveable. Otherwise I used it to watch videos, surf the web and use a few social media apps. Good for kids too both videos and games side. So I'd say in general for the price it's a decent tablet, but if you are looking to do more and have a smoother tablet you might want to pay more for something better.
I use this tablet for my daughter and I could only download YouTube Kids. Wished I would have purchased the one with more storage.
Amazon replaced it as it had gray stripes and no picture on the screen. That one works so overall the Fire was a good purchase. Recommend a memory card, it does not hold much.
Bought this for a friend. It does the job (basic web and book reading) and at an affordable price. Nothing too fancy, but no problems.
its need amazon account for download any apps ............... ita really pain for me . i dont like it
My daughter preferred the ipad. The apps are a little complicated for her age she is 2.
The Amazon Fire reminds me of a cheap older Android tablet from 5 years ago. The camera is horrible, the screen is full and I'd rather play with fire than to use the, Amazon Fire. Im returning ASAP!
I did the preview about this tablet before I buy it. It is a good tablet for the price and it's not too heavy
Not many apps I'd use. Not as useful as I'd hoped.
It is agood tablet for beginner kids and great for the price
Very slow to connect to internet even with a good connection and wifi set up that worked for other electronics.
As one would expect, this is fine for what it is. A $50 tablet. Better than other $50 tablets on the market. Quicker and more stable. If you're looking for a tablet for a child or for basic surfing and YouTube clip watching it's fine. Apps are limited compared to the google play store.
This tablet was plugged in all night and did not charge.No powerWhite elephant
I am Giving this tablet away to someone birthday sup.
Had to replace my sons lenovo android tablet and at the same time renew the warranty. Had a few options of brands to choose for the replacement. Lots of family suggested the Amazon even the best buy staff said it was the better choice not to mention the cheapest of the four brands to pick from. Well set up was a disaster. I wasn't aware that this tablet let's you put up to four names under one Amazon account, until after the initial account member name was completed. So now my 7 yr old has an Amazon account. Also didnt lime that i had to put in credit info for set up. And then had to go into settings to put a parental block on in-app purchases. Too many ad pop ups and thats just while it is turning on. In not happy with this tablet . It automatically backs up photos and stuff to an iCloud. I don't know what that is , how to access it, nor is there an icon on the screen for it. Also lots of unnecessary pages and icons all over the screen that can't be changed. My other sons tablet is in need of replacement and warranty renewal. I will not be replacing his with this product.
The product is relatively inexpensive but the performance could be better.
the internet server SILK is not compatible with free wifi on southwest airlines and I bought it to use on the plane. also I cannot hear the audio even with the sound all the way up on the plane. so I don't really need it since I have a computer , iPhone and kindle at home.
They make a great child proof cover and the battery life is descent so far
One of the worst purchases or investments you could make for technology.
Although a cheap tablet with amazon functionality it's a very slow one.
Bought for my little daughter and so far it's holding up good.
I have yet to use it as I do not know how. I need help!
I brought the tablet for my 9 year old son it's great for the kids can play lots of games download apps get on you tube ect but I don't like the fact every now and then it makes this weird sound and the screen blanks out and I have to turn the tablet off in order for it to work again.
I purchased this tablet on a discounted price as an alternative for RC tablet. The operating system is not good, very slow response, apps takes a lot of time to open. Many of the apps like youtube is not made for fire OS, so my little one has a difficult time handling it. After 2 months, I got him RC tablet.
My son had the original kindle fire. It was great! Simple to use. It finally bit the dust. I bought a new one. They made it way to complicated. It is going back. The power button won't turn off. The notification box won't stay off the screen & the apps wont run. They just keep loading.
Bought this tablet for price and for a little kid using it so I wasn't expecting it to be a flag ship device but this really isn't the best. The amazon version of android really ruins things.. you can't get the same apps that you would get from the Android Play Store. Many apps on this Amazon app store are just not the same and the apps you do get are mainly made by others- for ex- Youtube, someone basically made the website into an "app" but its $50 so its whatever
When I first got it was great until it stopped charging and wouldn't turn back on
Nice tablet for children - Works well as a gift for the price
I bought 2 of these on Black Friday and these have to be one of the worst buys of my life!!!! The screen saver can't be changed so my kids are forced to look at ads every time they want to use their tablet. Apps are ok and to be honest I could have dealt with the ads but the final deal breaker for me is the sd card. I bought my kids sd cards so they can have more than 4 games and the tablet doesn't read it or something. It says sd card inserted but it won't download apps to the sd card!
Well, a good table for under $50 it's not bad. I ended getting the Toshiba 4k tv with built-in Chromecast so I need an inexpensive table so I wouldn't use my phone. Turns out that the tablet does have Play Store so i was unable to download Google Home. This tablet would be great for kids for a started tablet. you can also control how much time kids can spend on it. unfortunately it wasn't for since it didn't work for what i need.
Great for ppl that use Amazon and Amazon products. The price was great to.
Readers are going to like this tablet that includes the kindle feature, it has basic tools like camera(not very good), calculator, calendar, and the amazon appstore. I didnt like that it doesnt include the google appstore, cause the amazon appstore doesnt have some of the apps I use the most on my cellphone. It is good for the price anyways...
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She loves it for it's games and learning apps. As for navigating the app store it is not as easy as apple or android. But you get use to it.
Tablet is ok I just prefere Android products. I dont Like the fire just being tied to Amazon accounts and loaded with all their exclusive content. But its a cheap quality tablet
My God Daughter loves it it's just next time I should also get a screen protector for it because a few weeks later it has a small crack in it
This one was for my baby, and she is happy as a kid with a new toy. I have my own tab so not familiar with fire yet. But was a good deal.
It's good for lil kids n small stuff . Doesn't look very fast
The tablet is good for a 12 year old, i got it for my niece for Christmas and it will do what she wants,which is to play games and read books. Amazon is a little annoying because she had a hard time downloading some of the movies, because it wasn't "compatible", which is dumb since its their tablet and their site she was getting them from.
Didn't know that Amazon had control over everything. Should have bought any other tablet.
gets the jib done. makes for a good tablet for the kids to play on
I honestly didn't care for it. The newest versions of this tablet are by far much better. You have a bit more freedom with it than you do the older version.
This product is real bad from amazon. Although i dont expect much from a cheap tablet however this was even below my expectations. Its way slow to respond to anything or everything. My 3 year old goes after my ipad when i give him this....wont recommend to anyone.
The one purchased at Best Buy had black and gray lines appearing across the screen when powering up. It got worse, to occurring while using it. Amazon was contacted via Chat and determined something was wrong, and exchanged it. The replacement from Amazon is working, so for this I will mark, "Yes" to recommend it.
Takes a bit to get used to OS but once you do it is a pretty decent tab for 40 bucks.
T-r-a-s-h.............................................. ....
pretty much you get what you pay for... not bad, but not great, but an inexpensive fix for the cause
It is a nice little tablet for on the go or for kids. Wouldn't recommend using it for work
We bought the tablet for work, but the only app we needed (free) never would download. After many tries and several hours, we gave up and took it back to the store.
Bought this to replace 2015 Black Friday Fire after and the battery died. While there is a lot of value built into the tablet, the battery in the first one started acting up after 6 months and progressed into not able to hold a charge. As my family had grown to like it, we bought another one with strong reservation. I hope this one lasts longer and I'd recommend it if does.
For the price is good. But you have a lot of offers from Amazon on your main screen without even asking for it. Does not accept googlecast. The case for the tablet is too expensive. Well for basics it works fine
Bought it for my mom so we can stay in touch and she could play crossword games or Bingo at her Nursing home. She needs alot of assistance
Bought this for my grandson for Christmas. It's a decent tablet for the price I paid. i find it much different than Samsung tabs or Apple iPad. so if you're used to these, amazon might not be a good pick for you. My grandson is disappointed we can't get YouTubekids on it. I've caught myself saying I should have paid a little more and gotten a Samsung. All in all, decent Tablet for a kid.
I bought this originally for a younger child to download apps for learning for school and for a few games. It works well, no issues with that, but it is a little harder for him to navigate. From my standpoint, it is smooth and operates the way I expect it.
Not a bad tablet but well worth the $$$. The battery is horrible tho after about a year or so worth of use. It drops off quite a bit and the USB charging port has issues.
This tablet is okay however the screen is too small and the WiFi does not work well. The WiFi turns off and I have to manually reset it over and over. The camera is nice however the resolution is not sharp enough for my needs. Does not make sense why there is not a version without cameras with a bigger screen size.
The fire has a solid build, is not horribly slow, and has decent battery. Its major flaw today is the screen, which is both low resolution and poor contrast, with weak viewing angles. It makes a fine cheap tablet to hand to some kids though. For the price, not bad.
I decided I wanted to "try" a tablet for reading books and a little social media instead of using my phone all the time. I researched the Fire 7 and Fire HD 8 and settled on the 7 knowing that it is a low end device. The device is slick and easy to use, and the Alexa integration is really cool. But "It's a $50 tablet". At times, the performance is awful slow. I suspect it is updating content, say on twitter or FB. My complaint is when it is doing this, there are no visuals to let you know it is busy. I finally got on Amazon's chat feature, and several hours later, including several power cycles and a complete factory restore, the performance is the same. The reps at Amazon tried their best - and FWIW, I knew there was nothing they could do to speed it up before I contacted them, but I thought I would give it a try. So get this if you want, just be patient. Remember, "It's a $50 tablet". If you want better performance, spend more $$.
the tablet is okay its not like apple I pad don't cheat your self .
I bought this to use with a particular app but wasn't able to install them so I returned the tablets.
My daughter got this for Christmas. Right out of the box it came on, but the screen was all white. Good price, but could never get it to work.
From the first time I used it, the pages kept freezing and didn't respond to touch commands. I had to turn it off and back on daily. I tried to get a replacement and was told they no longer have them and I'd have to pay $10. more for a newer model. I bought 2 (1 as a gift). So far 1 works and 1 didn't.
Bought this for Christmas 2015. After about 9-10 months the battery began to fail to hold a charge. While the first 9 months were good -- as many of the reviews here laud this tablet -- the 90 day warranty is disappointing from Amazon. (When I did have a different Amazon device fail within the warranty period, their exchange was immediate and easy for a brand new device -- so the only warranty issue is with the length.)I'd recommend it if you just want a cheap tablet to throw in your bag but otherwise it's just average.
I bought this tablet on Black Friday and it was on sale. It's incredibly slow, and the screen quality is mediocre. What bothered me the most were the ads on the tablet. I only really use it to watch Netflix- so it's fine, but don't expect anything above that to function well on this device.
I bought this tablet on black Friday and went home to test it out and it was very slow and not worth the money
This product is what you pay for. Got it on black Friday at less than 40 dollars. It uses are basic and good for my kids. If you need a babysitter, it comes into play for an hour. Battery life is pretty good
Its a nice tablet for the money but I just didn't like being stuck in the amazon universe .
My grand kid didn't like device, get frustrated to navigate education video. Not worth it!
It was ancient technology and did not keep up with the internet.
It's a cheap tablet that you can just give to your kids or whatever. The ads are annoying but then again you can't expect too much with the price point. However, I would not recommend using this for any kind of work at all because it's very slow and finicky at times but if you're tired of giving your kids your phone/tablet this is the product for you. Just make sure you take off your payment info, maybe even make their own personal amazon account.
I returned the item was not what I expected very disappointed white the table
Santa brought this for my 8 almost 9 year old for Christmas. Santa would have rather brought her an Apple but cost for one is too crazy to spend on one child so this was a good alternative and she loves it! She mainly uses it for games and YouTube videos. I think the graphics are great for someone her age. Great starter for children,
I have not had time to set everything up yet. My granddaughter is enjoying hers! My daughter had an issue when she first set it up, all her books downloaded onto the new one and took up most of her space. I do believe that has been resolved.
I would never buy another Amazon product personally. It works well but I'd rather use the rca over this. Personal preference has nothing to do with quality
good for a kid which is why I bought it. If given the choice I will always choose apple.
In my personal opinion, this product would be unable to satisify any adult, whether it was for business or pleasure. Limited apps, limited space, slow uploading, etc. Also, due to this being an amazon product, many apps and options are unavailable, that are commonly used with both android and apple products. So I would not recommend to anyone.
Cheap functional tablet, slower than most if not all latest smartphones.
Gave tablet as a Christmas gift - she uses it all of the time and loves it. She was thrilled to get it I bought the extended warranty so that the tablet would be covererd in case something happened to it. Her mother had seen it advertised and I bought it on thanksgiving day
Average tablet for general use. I still like Apple better!
Worth the money when on sale-slow connection compared to a laptop
Cheap but biggest problem is I can't get it to download apps. The Internet connection is very weak.
Works good for my grandkids to play with when they are visiting me at my home.. I really needed to buy 3 instead of 2. Only gripe I have is the seemingly "forced" ads popping up, which appear to be built into it. Maybe I will learn someday how to stop them. :(
Love the ease of using them for our grandsons and they enjoyed them for Christmas
Nice, clear images, but very slow and the ads on the start screen are annoying. Also, the search engine, Silk, is not very good. Switch to Google if you can. Should have just stuck with the Digiland tablet--a lot more bang for the buck.
This tablet offers the user more options than a regular tablet but the ease of use a beginner would love
It's ok, it's good for beginner users, the kids love it because they could play games on it
Very little storage, Amazon Android skin bloated and too many ads
Ordered dec 9th and got my order AFTER CHRISTMAS and it was supposed to be delivered on dec 17th
I didnt realize, even though I should have, that I could not add whatever programs I wanted to for it. I wanted to get this so I could play games on the tablet while home, instead of my phone. I was able to install one of the two games I play, but was unable to with the second. I will actually be returning it because that means I have no use for it. My wife has one and hers has been great for her this entire time.
Bought this an an auxiliary pad instead of a second iPad, which I have had for years. So, far, other than reading books on it I haven't been able to accomplish much. Most of the apps I use on my iPad don't have a compatible version. But, it was cheap, so even as just an e-reader I decided to keep it.
Got this for my kids for Christmas. Price was nice and no problems so far.
The unit itself is very simple to use, somewhat difficult to get connected at startup but once setup ran flawlessly. Memory a little small.
Durable and small, makes it easy for taking any where. Price isn't bad either.
I was expecting a tablet good enough for the kids to play and download games, and I was told at BB that this product would work for these basic needs. It seems like everything I download needs to be through my Amazon account, very few items are for free, and everything takes forever to download and/or open. Wish I could return it!
Onsale is 39.99 is cheap , good for new stars tablet
Love the tablet! Got it for my niece and nephew! Great for beginners!!
Since this is an Android 5 based tablet, I sideloaded a few necessary apps to allow it to be used essentially the same as an Android tablet, with Google play store, etc. The screen resolution, speaker, RAM are just only adequate. Otherwise, a good cheap tablet. Really need to ponder its utility before buying it.
There is not enough battery life to read comfortably. 7 hours, maybe.
The product would be great if it was easier to find the setting icon and if amazon wouldn't charge you a $1 for downloading applications that are labeled "free." The one dollar is automatically charged by amazon but you can dispute it with your Credit Company.
Just wish I could remove most of the Amazon apps other then that it's good for the kids.
I bought this tablet for my 4 year old it's a good tablet for the 33 dollars I paid. I just wish I could remove some of the Amazon apps.
A lot of apps are incomplete. Doesn't run apps that great and has a lot of apps that are generic.
Bought for $40 for my toddler. Mostly used for Netflix and a few kid games.
Didn't realize until after we bought it that there was no google play.
Bought this device to stream Netflix, Amazon Prime, and to play downloaded content. For that purpose it is sufficient. I wouldn't use a Fire Tablet as a productivity device as it is seriously underpowered. Fire tablet bogged down pretty quickly when I attempted to multi-task. Bottomline, this is not an iPad replacement - particularly if you like to do a variety of things on your tablet. But at $33 on sale, this was a very good deal for my purposes.
I like this tablet because it entertains my kid and he loves it
This makes my phone way to big can't fit in pockets
I purchase a fire after my nook died. I had problems with the first one saying I was connected to the web , but not being able to connect. Took it back and the geek squad looked at it and after trouble shooting for a while, they decided there was something wrong with it, so I exchanged it for another one. We set it up and it worked initially, then I went home and the same thing happened as with tg first one. So I took it back and got my full refund . While not happy with product, best buy customer service made me happy.
I like the reader, nice and small. What i don't like is if you have a very secure wifi system at home, it does not let you set it up. I had to go to my daughters house and set it up. That is a bit alarming. It should be more secure since the only way we can put items on there is by putting our information on it that can be compromised. Make it more secure and easy to put protection on it. That is the only reason I didn't make it a 5 star product.
It's a decent quality tablet for the money. One complaint is the speakers are weak. Have to cup my hand around the speaker side to get some good feedback. The Silk Browser seems to have issues with search engines. Just switching the search engine fixes it though.I got this for when the power goes out at my house. It's served to let me watch netflix. With a bluetooth keyboard it seems adequate for messaging and writing out notes.Video quality is good enough. Though that has more to do with not being super picky about it. I'm considering gifting my dad one of these this year. He commented that the quality looked good. Another complaint would be the amazon app store is limited. No Clash Royale. Which is the only mobile game I actually enjoy. I'm sure there's a way around this. But I'm really not interested in digging around for it. So for the most part it's a good solid low end tablet.
I will not recommend this one, do slow and I ended up returning this product
The Kindle I purchased is a good and expensive tablet useful for reading and internet. It does have a lot of apps already loaded that I do not plan to use and do not know how to delete. I mainly use the Kindle Fire for Facebook and occasionally get on the internet.
Except unlike the Millennium Falcon this doesn't have it where it counts. Software is a mess. I didn't expect much from a $50 tablet but man was it painful to use.
Bought for my kids and very easy to use, and made homework easier
Great product. I bought it because I travel alot now
Decent product that has great value. Definitely buy again for a gift
I bought this tablet for my son. He used it for mainly games. I though he would like reading his books on it but he prefers the actual book vs digital books. It works great, fast, and vibrant colors. I play with it on occasion. It fits in my hand at night and it's larger than my phone but not as expensive as other tablets. All in all it was worth the money.
My kids get kind of lost when they use this product. It does have everything but is not as user-friendly as I hoped it would be.
fully understand this is a budget tablet, but the memory size and quality of screen are not to par
Not the best and the brightest in the market. Bought two of them and one got damaged within the second month. Best buy was not taking it back and amazon asked a price of a whole new one for repair. Good price though but high possibility that the product might not last too long.
Price is nice but performance was not. Sluggish to the point of frustration even to my 4 year old. Would be fine as ereader or maybe basic web device.
Nice kids tablet for a decent price. I bought it for a road trip.
Don't like that Amazon has so many ads going on this thing. Makes it pretty not fun to use.
Its light weight, i do not care for the amazon app store..Android is so much better..I cannot get all the app I need from amazon..the amazon Kindle is a nice size and light weight..
For $50 i wasnt expecting high end screen resolution.
My mom bought this for my sister, she loved it. Great gift!
Decent performance but sometime do lag a bit, screen resolution is a bit low for someone coming from a Galaxy S6 and Note 7. But for $33 (got on a sale) you can't expect top end product. Installed Google Play Store without needing root, so I can share my normal adroid app even though this is running fire OS
it has a good picture low price. used for vacation condo.
Decent tabletPerforms ok You really get what you pay forDo not expect anything special with this tablet. It works. Does what its meant to do and nothing more. Having a Prime subscription is a must but not a requirement to take full advantage of this tablet. Its pretty much an Amazon Portal for all the services they offer. Great for my son streaming his shows like Sesame Street, PBS, etc Netflix works fine as well
Everyone knows "kindle fire". When these went on sale I grabbed a few up to use as kiosks for our PTA. Little did I know that fires run a "special" operating system, not a standard android. The 2 apps I needed to run were not available on kindle store. After much research I found a work around but it was very frustrating.
Because the Amazon Fire 7 is a very inexpensive tablet, you cant really expect much out of it or compare it to an iPad. It is a great budget tablet for very light gaming and watching videos. My primary use for it is for video consumption.
I felt the system mived extremely slow not good for streaming great reader
I was a bit disappointed by the lack of the Android play store, navigation on it is a pain.
This tablet is useful if you have prime and invest in the Amazon ecosystem. I prefer my other Android tablets more, but for the price I paid for this one it was a great deal.
Great price.... It's good for games play and great tablet with this price
great for toddlers. I recommend anyone to purchase a protective case
We bought this for our 8 yr old daughter and it's great for most of what she does, but it is not good for playing a lot of games because it locks up sometimes or it runs a little slower. So if we had to do it again we'd probably buy something with a bigger processor.
Could not get this to work with my chromecast so I returned it.
I purchased 3 kindles for my grandchildren for Christmas last year. I have been very disappointed with their quality. The chargers were very difficult to plug in right from the beginning and now one of the kindles won't even charge at all. The others have to be positioned just right or they won't charge either. I definitely would not recommend this particular model kindle to anyone.
I bought my son a kindle about 6 months ago and it was great.... Until my husband dropped it and broke the screen. So I bought my son another one last week, but I think it might be defective becuz the battery died not fully charge or it takes a super long time to charge, where this did not happen with my last one
I bought this as a gift for a less technically inclined person as a gateway into learning tablets and apps. It was a good gift.
This product is a great product as long as the plug-in charge port doesn't break and quit taking a charge.
I bought the Amazon Fire to have easily portable access to my email and the Internet while traveling. It is a good basic tablet. Some of the text is somewhat hard to read as of is quite small. I don't have a stylus which would make use much easier. Overall, it is a good value for my limited need's and use.
My elderly uncle is pleased to have his device. He's still not real sure about how to use it, but happy he has one.
This is a cheap tablet. I bought this so that my kids wouldn't ruin another IPad by crushing it. This tablet can stop working out of nowhere shut off and never turn on again. If it doesn't have a case and you drop it kiss this good bye because even a light drop can destroy it.
I bought it as a replacement for a broken tablet. There are several apps I'd like to add to it that are not available, and it won't update the Facebook app so I wind up using my phone for many things that I used to do on my tablet. If it wasn't a good e reader, it would be worthless, but I do read on it a lot, so I'm keeping it but I would still like a new tablet - which is disappointing.
I like the tablet. Great price. But the charging cord is to short and there isn't an indicator light to inform you when the tablet is charging.
This tablet freezes a lot when using it. It started out working good and then it started freezing when playing games.
I bought this hoping that I could use it for a book reader and other lightweight tasks. The wifi is very slow and the tablet in general is slow and hangs to much
I got it because I wanted to be able to use it to download books for college classes. It is slow and seems to freeze up a bit when I try to use it. I have a 64g memory card in it and have most of my stuff saved to it. I wouldn't think that would cause it to run slow.
Ok, so, I wanted an e-reader and had thought about just buying an iPad mini. I wish I had. Don't get me wrong, this tablet does the job it's meant to do but that's about it. If you're looking for a tablet that you can play games on, browse through Facebook or instagram on, or even surf the net then you're better off getting an upgraded version of this tablet or an iPad as I said before. Plus, this tablet comes packed with apps that are unnecessary and just plain memory wasteful. However, if you just need it to read your books or magazines then this is the perfect little companion for you. I'm saving for an iPad.
I had an insignia tablets before they are very low on saund
I don't like it, I would not recommend this to anyone
This thing is ok as long as you don't expect it to be or have stuff(Apps&Games) like Samsung or Apple cause it doesn't. It has its own line of ****
good ereader not great for surfing web good for children and reading
The price was low, but the ads are really annoying to me. The tablet is good, works well. Doesn't seem to be able to use apps from Google Play store which was a surprise and disappointment to me. All in all, I would've chosen another android tablet.
Look was good and very comfortable for reading. If allowed to install android store that would be really awesome.
I really like the features, the size, and the price, but I was a bit disappointed with the lack of speed!
I have had several kindles, this latest one just doesnt seem to be as good of quality as the previous onrs i have owned
Bought for very young grandkids. You get what you pay for. A little slow. Good for watching things like Netflix and playing games and JWBroadcasting. Navigation okay. Not great. Kids are usually hard on anything, so if it gets broken, ok. But no problems so far and the kids like it. Would never buy for myself, or anyone over 10.
Good for the price. Low memory but good descent graphics easy to use
If you're just going to read and play a game or two, maybe surf the internet a bit, this is an ok tablet. But if you are a heavy user, I'd tell you to pass on this tablet because it won't keep up with your surfing/games/e-mail.
This is an ok tablet. We bought it thinking it would be good for travels with our little one, but it's not what we expected. Our little one is able to exit out of movies and apps. There is no way to lock the app when it is in use with little ones. This would be a good tablet for a teenager or adult who wants a tablet but doesn't want to spend a lot of money.
This product is fast a stylish. Good battery life. Helps to be a regular Amazon client.
I'm still learning how to use it. I like that it is small enough to put in my purse.
I love reading books on here. Playing games are also nice for the kids with the free time kid app. Only thing I don't like is the sound is not very loud. If the sound was louder it would get a 5 star rating.
gave to daughter and son. they are enjoying them very much
I love dis tablet just wish the screen wasn't crack!
Not as good as i though, but at least it does what it is suppoused. Very bad screen quality
I bought this tablet to read Free Epub books that I have, but it didn't allow me to even look for the books, so I have it returned and exchanged for a cheaper one that still does a better job for those who wants to read free Epub books
No longer takes charge from manufacture charger or any other type of charger. Product did not last very long since had 7 months.
Bought this for our daughter to use, but nothing worked right and was difficult to use. It's a fairly cheap $$ product, and it shows. Ended up returning it and buying a Samsung the next day.
You get what you pay for. It's $50 and that's about the quality you get. Overall works great but slow and crashes occasionally. Not the best battery.
I use this to read things and purchase items on Amazon. It doesn't play all of my favorite games from the App Store, nor does it sync to my android projector, so I don't really get full use of the larger screen. I think for my uses, I should've just purchased the e-ink version or maybe a full-android version.
Love this tablet, everything is excellent for the price except no google play store. I am not a fan of subpar apps, takes Amazon's outdated Facebook app. Accept Google Play and I will rate 5 stars.
I got this for my 6 yr old son, I was looking to get him the Samsung tab 4 but this was a great deal less money. It works for the things he does.
Ok device for the asking price. Would give as first time user
I bought this tablet for my mother 12/7/15 as a Christmas gift, which I gave to her on the day 12/25. Just this week 1/8 she called to tell me that the tablet was not working right. I went to see her and check it out. Sure enough it wasn't functioning properly. I'm hoping that when I take it in, it will be replaced without a problem. I know sometimes items are just defective. That's why I would recommend this item. I've had my Kindle Fire for 3 years now with never a problem.
Compared to the initial kindle this is a big impovement. Great for the Black friday promotional price.
Bought 2, 1 did not work out of the box. Too slow, too much trouble to setup and requires amazon account to use. Returned both items
Purchased the Kindle fire fir my grandfaughter and she loved it. It was so easy for her to use. The size was perfect http://www.hippressurecooking.com/pressure-cooking-times/
Works fine for what I wanted it for. Using as a remote for my home automation and entertainment system
I have not personslly used this item but it was a requested gift for family member so they obviously were aware of benefits. No complaints so far so guess it's good
I have the Kindle Fire HD, so when i bought this i expected something up to that caliber or better. Sadly, it did not. In my opinion the older one is better in sound quality. The new one is lighter, but I did pay less for it.
Absolute junk, don't waste your money. Bought for wife for a Christmas gift. Would not connect to Wi-Fi at my house. Useless!
You get what you pay for, or so they say. We purchased 3 and 1 of the tablets has started to fail. Mind you my daughter has used it for a week. We have had to reboot it 2 times now. Of course we googled the issue and were able to fix the problem ourselves. It goes completely black. Other 2 tablets are perfectly fine so far.
Got the nieces, wife, and myself these for Christmas. Figures they were cheap enough, so why not.These are functional tablets in every way. We haven't found any problem with them. The display isn't a hi resolution, so I wasn't expecting great. I've had phones and tablet with the same resolution, but never one that looked quite as lack luster as this display. They are OK for the kids to beat around with because they broke the last tablet they had. This one probably wont last much longer, but it's cheap. I wish I would have spent a few more bucks and gotten better ones for my wife and I, though.If you want a disposable tablet or color reader for magazines and such, you'll probably be OK with this.If you want a good tablet, think about buying a good tablet.
I bought this during Black Friday sales the price was very attractive but I didn't find it that attractive as YouTube stream was streaming slow it was taking 10-15 min to stream a single song.
Sold it on Craigslist the day I bought itWhat does that tell you.
Need Amazon account and bank account to use tablet. Bank card should be verified. Cheap product with terrible graphic. I returned that next day. Totally waste of money.
I bought this tablet because of the price and the specs seemed fine but it is slow it freezes and crashes I dont think it was a good buy
You get wath you paid not comparable to a apple tablet never
If you want an inexpensive device to read Kindle books or do email this is it.
I would say that it is not for kids is because my kids have been downloading game after game even with a 64 gig sd card the main operating system only allows about 2 gigs of games that cannot be transferred to the data card so storage is very limited
Camera has poor resolution, charging time is slow.
I have other Kindles and this one is okay. For the price it was a decent buy. I may go to a larger size the next time as this seems small.
This table is okay for me. But it is great for kids
Its ok for price point but it is heavily advertised to manipulate you to purchase more from amazon.
A bit confusing compared to the older style. I am not a big fan of this version. I wish we could take off things that we are not using like we could with the older version. Great for the price.It has an awesome parental control though.
I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend's 8yr old daughter. She absolutely loves it, and it was easy to set up and use.
I got this tablet with high expectations given it's from Amazon. However it was disappointing in many ways and it will be returned.First off, despite of the small screen size, it's heavy. Too heavy to be used as a book reader in bed.The deal breaker for me was that there's no way to connect a VPN using the regular Android settings. The option has been deactivated and accordingly to the tech support, "it's not available yet, but it will come". Surprisingly, still according to them, none of the new Amazon tables on sale have such support! Apparently Amazon doesn't believe that open WIFI at coffee shops, supermarkets, airports offer data security risks for the tablet users.On top of that, the Amazon version of "Google Play Store" has a reduced number of Apps and the ones I was interested in are not available.And the cherry on the top, was that only after 15 min of small usage (I was still trying to find a way to connect to my VPN), the screen frozen and the tablet became unresponsive.Too bad! I really wanted to like it.
The battery on this device cannot handle true apps outside of the Amazon ecosystem. Youtube and Twitch would drain the battery in under an hour. But if used as intended it would be great for books and email.
The tablet was bought for a few family members, two of which have bought several Kindle books. But only the price is the only note worthy thing about it. If you buy it for 50 bucks, you have pay another 15 to remove the ads and since this is from Amazon, there is no Google Play to get more app selection.True, you can try to side load the Google Apps but the average tablet buyer won't do this. Also, the battery life is poor compared to tablets like the iPad Mini or other decent Android slates. I'd recommend a Samsung tablet or an iPad before I would recommend this, unless you have a very specific use for it and did not want to spend a lot of money.
Gets the job done as a tablet I guess, apps are limited but this isn't meant to be a full on tablet, its a reader. It does freeze ad glitch a little but for the price I guess its worth it.
Bought this for my Mom as a gift and was really disappointed. This device DOES NOT RUN FULL ANDROID. You cannot get third party apps even though they sell it as tablet. This device is only good if you only use Amazon (shopping, books, games), otherwise you can't download anything - not even a weather app. Not worth my money to be so limited - Returned the device and got the Lenovo Tab 2 A7 and we are MUCH happier with it!
This tablet from Amazon is decent. The performance of the tablet is de end too.
Bought i, was OK but don't use it anymore for the price it is good though
They are ok for a kid to play games on. But I don't like it for myself. I will just save for an iPad.
I bought one of these on Black Friday on impulse since it was $34.99 and I had a $5 certificate to use. I have a third generation iPad and am quite accustomed to using it and the App Store.Pros: OS is Android based and not too hard to pick up compared to Apple. I did find versions of a lot of favorite apps and games to download. It can take up to 128GB microSD card for expanding storage (only 8 GB built in). I got a 64 GB class 10 card at Costco for $20.Cons: screen resolution is only 1024 x 768, but I can't say it's super noticeable in normal use. Not all apps available even if an Android version exists. Much more useful if you have Amazon Prime as it ties directly to an Amazon.com account, and In fact you have to register the device before you can do much of anything on it. Battery life is not impressive either, with standby time in particular not great.For the price, it's a handy spare internet connected device. I'm not one to buy Kindle books, but the ones I do have are certainly easy to access and read.
The tablet is nice but the internet source takes forever to load so it is just easier to use a standard computer or phone to surf the web or get on Facebook, etc.
I had to spend a lot of time figuring out how to allow apps from the Google Play store to be installed. Without that capability this tablet isn't very good. Amazon just doesn't have enough apps available. I did a fare amount of research on the internet to find the process for installing the google play store. I also notice that this isn't a "snappy" and "fast" device but I wouldn't expect it to be for $50. For the right situation this is a great buy.
Nice tablet for kids. A little slow loading. The fire time is extremely hard for children to operate. I guess it's ok for kids and beginners. I haven't decided if we are going to keep it or return it.
My uncle loves this tablet and its easy for him to use it, considering his age and lack of knowledge of technology devices.
My old Kindle stopped charging, after 4 years, so I got the Fire to replace it. I really only needed a reader and that is how I use it. The battery runs down MUCH faster than my old Kindle. the price was right so I guess it will work fine.
It's a basic tab. Only for reading. I didn't keep it.
It works but it takes a while to do anything. But for the price, it's good enough for the kids.
My girls were super excited to get their Fires for Christmas! Unfortunately, one of them stopped recognizing the touch screen after an hour of opening. Amazon was kind enough to send us a new one direct with a return label so returning it was simple! Crossing my fingers still though!
I got this for my 88 year old mother to view pics on Facebook of her children,grandchildren,great grandchildren and great great grandchildren. With the kids protection bumper she is able to handle it well. The bad side is that I wanted to hide all the other apps and could not. Plus I ended up paying an extra $15 to get rid of ads.
so far so good. I order two of these and they are working out great!
I bought two of these for my kids, They've destroyed ipads and this was a low cost replacement. Great price still not an ipad substitute
I bought this to enjoy the comforts of a tablet. My use includes youtube, twitch and other channels that are similar in purpose. I would recommend this product for its own intended purposes which is a ereader at best. it does have its own android base functions but not the functions I enjoy from a regular tablet. Some regular app you might use on a daily may not be compatible with this unit to sum it up.
The charger don't fit in the tablet I called Amazon
I purchased this tablet for my daughter and within 5 days after purchasing it, the screen went completely blank. It wasn't dropped and didn't get wet. It is also very limited to apps you can download on it. Many apps wouldn't work after being installed. I would NOT recommend buying this tablet.
I got it for $34 during thanksgiving . Bought for my parents. Works as intended.ConsCamera if you really care
The price may be attractive, but not worth to buy. After seeing tabs like iPad, Nexus and others, you wouldn't be willing to use it as the display is just 1024 x 600 pixels, touch is not very smooth, not so good customized apps/games (though there is a way to install all Android apps). The build quality is good though.
I was setting up 2 of the same tablet and this one wouldn't connect to the wifi. When I brought it back for an exchange there were none in store and they didn't even have them on their website! Ended up getting a refund and purchasing the same model from Amazon
Easy to download apps and nice to watch movies and my daughter loves it
Its ok tablet but you dont have access to all the same apps that are in google play store. Also to really enjoy the tablet you should be memebr of amazon prime which I am not.
The fire is a good product for its price. We bought it for travel and it worked like we wanted it to. The volume was lacking though. Trying to listen to a movie an the plane was very difficult.
Has tons of free games for the kids not so good for the average tablet user as its not that powerful but I guess that's only my opinion
It is an ok product. But the main reason for the purchase was because it was for a first time tablet owner. It is very cheap in price but without a google play store it kind of sucks. But like it says it is ok for the price.
This thing is a disaster. Unless you are a child or have never used a tablet in your life, you are in for disappointment. They've blocked the Google store, so good luck downloading most of the games you like. Youtube? owned by Google, so again, can't download the app. You CAN get there with the web browser, but why should you have to? I tried to download 3 games-- NONE of which would even load. In short, I owned it less than 16 hours. Waste of my time. Save your money and buy a Samsung Galaxy Tablet.
Ok overall but brakes easily with obly one fall to the floor
I looked at the reviews and they varied greatly. I didn't want an electric sharpener, so my choices were very limited. This pencil sharpener is adequate and suits my needs because I don't use pencils very often, but it is very slow and sounds like it's straining.
We purchased the tablet on December 4th, 2015 and by January 8th, 2016 the tablet shut off completely and does not work an will not turn on. This was a waste of money.
Tablet was brought for my fiance for Christmas. I had to return it because it kept freezing up. Also, it didnt get Clash of the Clans game..
It was only forty-nine bucks - - how can anyone complain too much? It's fine. It's adequate. No problems. Smallish screen. The missus uses it to sit on the couch and look at her Facebook. She says it's okay.
The product is good just the speaker came blown...
Ok for kids to mess around with, but not very good quality
Not so great unless you want to spending alot of money on amazon for everything, unable to download any google are android apps.
The kindle continues to freeze up when watching a movie. It will also freeze randomly.
its okay it does freeze in a game and have to reboot it. but its okay.
Slow with limited application. Battery doesn't last long and the download speed is less than expected.
This is a good tablet, next time I buy a tablet I will get a bigger one. It does all we need it to. Great for kids!
Bought for my daughter. She likes it just for reading books.
good one..I liked it..even my kids enjoy this.use it for all games
It's a good tablet for the price considering it was only $50. Not the best quality but suitable for my kids to enjoy
I thought this would be a good idea to buy my children. After I spoke with an associate at best buy and explained that I wanted this my my small children so they could play on YouTube he told me that it would work food for that. Well that was not the case I cannot ever get on you tube and my kids have not even used it after they initially tried.
Easy to use. I'm still playing around with it. Purchase it for my son.
pretty slow, but for the price i guess it works ok
I ordered two of these tablets, one for 4 yr old, and another for mom. It is not user friendly, difficult to use and full of advertisements even when not online. Comes with games that kids enjoy, but very limited on other application options. Book ordering requires monthly subscriptions. We have purchased another product for mom, and the 4 yr old quickly got bored with the limited options, and I got frustrated trying to navigate.
Compared to an equally inexpensive RCA tablet, this one has more limitations in the apps you can get. I was disappointed in its utility and prefer the RCA tablet over this one.
Did not work right out of the box; bad hard drive. Read other reviews that stated the same issue. Would not recommend to anyone. Save your money.
This is a good tablet, but mainly for readers. There are a lot of apps for books, and such...but there are other apps you can download.
Great tablet for kids, however DO NOT charge this tablet in your car! The charger in your car will ruin your tablet! The Fire 7 tablet charger can only handle so much current and your car charger has too much current! We could not power on the tablet after trying to charge our tablets using the car charger. It happened to both of our tablets and we had the tablets less than 1 month. Best Buy was nice enough to replace one tablet and give us a refund for the other (I paid more money for a nicer tablet).
I bought this Tablet for my son and he loves it. The pictures are clear and the battery charge holds a long time. Excellent Tablet for the low price.
I bought three of these as christmas gifts for my grand-sons ages 3,6,11. I didn't think about the type of playstore available for them to get games. They were disappointed as they were unable to get some of the games they were used to in the playstore unless they paid for them. One of them has to be returned as it will not hold a charge which has been frustrating for the child who is trying to play his games.
I brought tablet for my 3 yr old son. It was okay for him but I wasn't crazy about the amazon apps. It was a decent tablet though for that price.
I returned and got the 8" since this turned this product and would not turn on. I got another since it was a gift.
Bought this for my mom. The touchscreen is not as responsive as my iPad. The camera is a little underpowered too. I didn't think it would matter much, but it is pretty pixelated. It serves her purposes and I knew it wasn't a high end device going in. She has been able to fumigate it out mostly, so that's been a bonus.
good tablet for a young person to begin with small to handle
We bought this tablet for my son for Christmas. It's a decent tablet for a kid and the price is reasonable. I would recommend it for a person who's not big on technology. It's definitely not an IPad!!!!
I bought 3 of them as gifts for my nephews. It was really disapproval to learn that they were already linked to my Amazon account. I started getting notices everything's they downloaded something. I had to literally unlink everyone one of them from my account before they made a big purchase (which they did purchase Amazon Prime-which I cancelled because I wasn't ready for a $100 purchase).
This is a good tab for the price not a big issue if you break it.
One of the simplest tablets probably out there, only good for those that want to get into Amazon.com shopping. Good value for bargain proce.
The tablet seems to work well. Not as fast as some but, not bad. I found it was not as easy to find an antivirus product to work with the Fire 7, as it was for other android products. I will use this tablet for reading books instead of surfing the web.
I dont like the kindle because u cant connect it chromecast!
We 2 Amazon Fire's for our kids for Christmas. We chose these because product reviews were good and the price was decent compared to other electronic pads. Since having them, they have been decent, but not great. The kids will turn them on to play games and their home screens don't always appear; sometimes when they want to play a game that is already downloaded, the pad acts like it needs to re-download the game; and there is a lot of frustration when all of the downloads start circling and they cannot do anything with their pads. Turning the pads completely off does not always help and sometimes, we cannot even get them to turn off. When they do work properly though, the kids love them. They are decent for a 1st time pad for kids for not a lot of money, but just keep in mind they can be frustrating at times.
I use this mini tablet at the gym to watch streaming tv and movie shows.- easy to setup- take a bit of time to get used to various screens- touch screen is a little slow to respond- bluetooth connectivity is not automatic. I have to try and connect the same device every time I use the tablet- overall very good for the price
Slow connecting, basic model, still a good product just not very advanced
Was unable to get to google docs on this one even though the sales person said we would be able to. My Granddaughter needed this for school & it did not allow you to get to google docs.
It all depends on what your using a 50 dollar tablet to do is it for extreme gaming then i highly do not recommend this device. It is better for light use on the safe side use for 5h a day. 8h a day battery is the average, but runs down faster and over heats when playing a 3D game. But if u are on tight budget it is useful. ANOTHER MAJOR PROBLEM is that almost all apps that you would get on iphone and android are not availabe on the amazon fire appstore and there is no way to download them, for example clash of clans, racing rivals( which have decided to withdraw from the amazon contract and delte there game off amazons app stores). And other bigger titles omg even snapchat is not on there.
I have an iPad already. Just needed something that I can read books on. Found this on sale for $40. Great deal. Not the best for net surfing, but great for reading!
This tablet is very small and efficient. My daughter just loves it... I can say it's basic beginner savvy.
Bought these for my 4 & 5 year Olds so I wasn't expecting top of the line performance, especially for 39 bucks. Pros- Good clarity Easy to useCheapExpandable storage with SD cardCons-Slow down loadsCheap camera (as expected)No mic for voice recognition. Would have been great for the kids to Google search.
I'm not happy with It, you get what you pay for I will never buy it again.
The processor is very slow. The tablet is great for reading books and ordering stuff from Amazon, but it is really slow opening aps. Pay more to get the better processor.
Decent little tablet at the price won't break the budget if broken.
It gets the job done...................Great to buy......
Still learning how to use this tablet, would have liked a little more direction on how to use it didn't seem to have any paper directions included..Like using this tablet especially to read books, email and facebook.
For the money, this tablet is an amazing piece of hardware. Well constructed, good fit and finish, good battery life.BUT putting non-Amazon software on the tablet is a pain, a real pain.I purchased this for my granddaughter and wanted two things, (1) YouTube and (2) Skype. It took about 2 hours to put these two apps on the tablet. In the end, I returned the tablet and purchased an Insignia (BB house brand) tablet instead.
I ended up returning this tablet. For the price, $40, the tablet performed very well. However, if you have the money, do yourself a favor and step out of the Amazon lineup. The iPads are great, in my opinion the best, but they cost $$$$. From what I've experienced, the Samsung Tab A line is a solid tablet for a $$ budget. You can often find one on sale for ~$150 and its a pretty good bang-for-the buck.If the money is your ONLY concern, then this will probably work well enough for you.
Good tablet simple to use and easy to learn and also great price
Wanted to connect to Google play store. Limited to Amazon.good for shopping.
Pretty tangerine color. First tablet had bad earphone jack; Second product would not connect to wifi no matter where we tried. All of our other tablets work fine.We will order another Amazon fire tablet.
This tablet is good for the price. Just be aware there is adware that cannot be removed unless you pay Amazon $15. There are other tablets available at a similar price without the adware if you are not interested in Amazon products or services. If you are looking for an Android tablet will be disappointed. This tablet has an Android operating system but it is not available due to the Amazon operating system overriding it. The screen resolution is average. If you are an Amazon user this is a good tablet, otherwise look elsewhere.
I like it. Bought it as a birthday gift for a three year old and they love it
It does everything I need it to do, but the battery life is short lived. I bought it with the intentions to keep my toddler entertained. The battery last about 4 hours, if it runs continuously. If it is intermittent use it lasts about 12 hours. Worth it for the price.
I did not use this product I gave it as a present.
bought product for my 9yr old, it works fine for her,she is constantly on it and so far no compaints
Didn't like the return policy on this item. I couldn't purchase insurance on it in the store.
I got this so my son would have something to watch movies on while on a long car trip. It does that, barely. The $50 I spent for it was worth it. If you get an SD card for it you can load and watch movies. The Wi-Fi sucks and it sometimes doesn't stream movies from Netflix. Forget about YouTube.
You cannot download any other internet service you're subject to very limited options to do things on it wish I could not have bought it
We actually bought this for my son as a replacement tablet. He likes it but does not like the fact that not every game that is available in the google play store is available on this one. Overall it is a great tablet. Works quickly and he enjoys it.
I understand you get what you pay for but come on Amazon. You make millions a day and you allow this product to be on your lineup. The only thing this tablet is good for is collecting dust. In my opinion, if any company is going to integrate the AndroidOS at least make it user friendly and 100% open. It's basically like purchasing half of a device or a demo device.
This was bought for my daughter and it works great with her but I wouldn't recommend it for anything intense.
Great value for the price. Not as user friendly as the original Kindle Fire but still a good starter tablet for those that are less tech savvy.
Tablet was ok when it worked. Seemed to always have to reset our Wi-Fi at home for this one item. Everything else worked fine.
This certainly isn't the most impressive device out there, but at $40 it is a fantastic value.
I've had amazon tablets in the past and this is the far worst I've bought. It was slow, drained the battery, kicking me out of the apps all the time.
Bought this as a cheaper alternative for using with kids. Battery lasts longer than most tablets, the reason why I gave this such a mediocre rating is because you can't put a wallpaper for the lock screen. You always have an ad for something Amazon related, which can be annoying. But if it's just something small for the kiddos to use, good choice. I wouldn't recommend for adults.
I got this tablet for my 20 month old son. He constantly wants my phone or iPad to watch YouTube kids videos. He can work both of these apple devices all on his own. I figured he was ready for his own tablet, hoping he'd leave mine alone. No luck. The Fire is not as user-friendly as my iPhone. Even on the child setting it is not easy to use. The surface is not as responsive to touch. He gets frustrated with it and puts it down after a few minutes of trying. Now his daddy uses it and he still goes after my iPad and phone. If you want a tablet for your toddler, just get an iPad.
I thought I would get the fire as a back up tab for my grand daughters. Well, in my opinion it's a little more confusing to navigate around than just a plain android tablet. So if, like me you are an android lurana566, this is a bit different to operate.
It is a lot more then I was after. I can watch my Netfix and do more
I purchased Amazon Fire for my son after reading enough reviews about this product. It works ok for e-books but very slow for Internet streaming and downloading. Also, the touch function is not very sensitive which you need to hit the same button couples of time to make it work.
It's ok. It does not have all the apps you might be looking for.
Purchased and installed item onto Kindle but am still trying to figure out how storage onto new SD card works. I know it is me, but I think I will have to return to store to get someone to show me how to operate.
Good for watching movies offline but not so good at internet. I also have problems with it deciding I don't have the SD card in and have to take it out and put it back in. Very frustrating!!! The first one I had didn't know the SD card was there after shutting it off. They were great about sending me a new one but now I have to call them back and tell them what is going on now. I prefer to use my old Android tablet. It also won't let me remove the password or I have to take off the free time. I have to call them and see what I can do about that. It is for her and not really for me anyway. Why do I have to have a password for everything? Not too impressed but a really good buy. The ads, when you turn it on, don't bother me at all and was worth saving the $20.
It allows me to have many apps and still take a good amount of pictures without running out of storage .
It's a decent tablet, but keep the following in mind:- if you get this for your kids to share your amazon prime account for video and game apps, you have to lock it to prevent accidental purchases. Problem is that this prevents free app and video purchases, and you have to okay every thing they do. - if you allow them access to apps and video, then that can purchase anything without limits.On top of this, they lock out the google app store and refuse to even allow access to google drive. While you can hack it to add these basic features, you will need a modicum of technical knowledge to do so.So, it's useful, but a pain too. Your needs may vary.
This version of kindle was not very impressive to me. Navigating was easier on my older kindle, this model is smaller. Also I have had an issue with charging on this device since I purchased it. When it does accept the charge it will charge to 100% rather quickly, however the battery life dies out so much faster as well. At times when I am using I will try to keep the charger connected due to this problem however it is constantly making a "ding" noise off and on as the charger connection does not fit well & keeps falling out. I even purchased another charger to see if this would alleviate the issue, it did not.
This tablet is okay for moderate use. Mine tends to lag while playing games or surfing the internet..
Its good for the price. Amazon store is not as huge as Android play store
At first I thought is was going to be great because of all the apps it had. Late I discover that all of those great apps I felt in love with needed to be purchased and pay a membership. Even though it was good for a first time tablet.
This really isn't a very good tablet by any measure other than bang for your buck. I bought this for about $35 just to kill time on a couple of long flights so I didn't wear out the battery on my phone. I definitely wouldn't recommend using this for reading as the screen resolution is really below average and be tough to look at. I only used it to read some comics and play games on a screen bigger than a phone so I got what I wanted out of it.
This tablet is ok for a kid. I was expecting more because it's a Fire brand.
Purchased this & turned around & within minutes of the purchase & before even leaving the store, found out that it would not do what my granddaughter needed. Unfortunately the clerk in electronics had told us it would & found out at the register by that person after she rang it up, that it would not. Need a little more education, I think...
Good buy for the price. Easy to surf the web a lot of apps in the App Store
It is an ok tablet. As I am using it, I lose my page quite often and have to go back to find it again. Also, I lose internet connection or am unable to connect at all. For the money, I find it acceptable but not ideal.
The tablet is okay, I mean it does the job. However, the wifi is really spotty. We even changed the wifi password (based on a YouTube video) to ensure that it works..but it keeps going in and out
My gift to my grandchildren they are on it 24/7 would recommend this, prices have gone down since I first bought my oldest granddaughter hers
For the price the tablet works well. The biggest issue I've had is the battery life length. The battery seems to not last as long as my previous iPad mini.
I have tried to get it work& still can't get it to work!!
Ok for a kid tablet the size is good you can okly use there apps
I can't use until I can get the webroot installed...I tried a geek but they wanted $40 to do it...I only paid that much for the tablet. Print is so small I can barely read it...there is probably an adjustment to font size but I don't want to get online without the webroot protection.
Bought this to lay on the coffee table for quick email checks and google searches. If you are looking for something to watch movies on or simple tasks, then it will do ok. Not a daily driver for sure.
Thos works great for surfing the web and playing games, lite and compact
The Amazon Fire is an okay product with a decent OS and a great price. Reccommend it for kids or the elderly.
would have been nice to have instructions included
I loved the kindle. But it took one small fall about 3 feet and half of the lcd screen broke. It's ruined I knew to be careful but on the first fall on wood floor???
I have owned a few tablets and currently own an iPad and iPhone. I'm invested in the Amazon ecosystem via Kindle e-readers and Fire TV's. This tablet is incredibly affordable and offers acceptable performance but it's heavily restricted if you do not figure out how to install the Google Play store as the Amazon App Store is missing a huge number of "every day apps". It's a great extension for Fire TV's and it's certainly a good choice as a primary tablet for kids or parents who don't have an Apple budget. Personally I still find myself reaching for the iPad.
Kindle Fire is a decent tablet. The only turn off is the way Amazon has massacred the Android OS and makes it incompatible with chromecast most of the time. It's a great tablet for reading and saving media on the go. Other than the OS, Kindle Fire is a decent buy.
This is a basic tab. I bought this for my sister. You can't really do anything much on this unless you have an amazon account and you have to buy a prime membership which is expensive. But I was still able to use it for games and internet browsing. I had difficulty using it for anything more. Camera was not the best.
Purchased Blue unit - parenthesis below is error correction for that review since BB does not allow edit. Good bare bones tablet for anyone if that is all you seek. Do not expect the performance of a $400 tablet for $50. I have wifi & bluetooth going while streaming netflix and it performs fine, no lag on a reliable network. This is an amazon based OS, not a traditional android system.... so it is all geared toward amazon advertising/purchasing and will not let you do much unless you register your device with an amazon account, (*which is linked to and displays any saved credit card/payment data associated with your account. Not very private or secure in my opinion.*) All apps must be obtained from their amazon app store, no google play store which is considerably simpler. There are ways around this of course if you know how. One more thing that is important and it is this... After more than a week, I finally noticed with more use that my screen has 2 spots with dead pixels which show up as solid white dots and cannot be seen unless on a very dark or black screen. After searching & reading online, it seems there are very many reports of these tablets purchased from any source having this issue. Even read someone who purchased a 5 pack and had several units with dead pixels. Test your new tablet right away after buying on a dark screen. You may be fine but it pays to look. I did not overly use my tablet at first and did not notice right away and though I still have the receipt, I already discarded the packaging. I am at the 14 day point today and could have still returned it otherwise, but honestly for all I use it for I am not overly concerned. Still whether 50 or 400 dollars, a brand new item should be free of defects. Again, so far I find it to be a reliable device if a simple bare bones tablet is all you need.
Made a nice Mother's Day gift.......................
Good bare bones tablet for anyone if that is all you seek. Do not expect the performance of a $400 tablet for $50. I have wifi & bluetooth going while streaming netflix and it performs fine, no lag on a reliable network. This is an amazon based OS, not a traditional android system.... so it is all geared toward amazon advertising and will not let you do much unless you register your device with an amazon account. It even asks for your credit card, but can be removed afterward. All apps must be obtained from their amazon app store, no google play store which is considerably simpler. There are ways around this of course if you know how. One more thing that is important and it is this... After more than a week, I finally noticed with more use that my screen has 2 spots with dead pixels which show up as solid white dots and cannot be seen unless on a very dark or black screen. After searching & reading online, it seems there are very many reports of these tablets purchased from any source having this issue. Even read someone who purchased a 5 pack and had several units with dead pixels. Test your new tablet right away after buying on a dark screen. You may be fine but it pays to look. I did not overly use my tablet at first and did not notice right away and though I still have the receipt, I already discarded the packaging. I am at the 14 day point today and could have still returned it otherwise, but honestly for all I use it for I am not overly concerned. Still whether 50 or 400 dollars, a brand new item should be free of defects. Again, so far I find it to be a reliable device if a simple bare bones tablet is all you need.
Great affordable device but does not have allow for android market app downloads and is basically good for simple browsing and games.
I love it for reading but, it has issues when searching the Internet at times.
Too slow for me. You tube don't work sometimes. Able to download some books from amazon prime.
It started cutting off and on by itself!!! Its like it had a mind of its own!!!
Works well enough but is outstanding for the price, just be wary of the operating system you could poetically download an android emulator that would make this a 4/5 instantly
The number one aspect of this tablet is the fact that Amazon will stand behind it - for a short while. I am on my 3rd, all of which have been plagued with screen issues. Dead pixels. Everywhere. If you don't have them straight out of the box, great..but, they can develop - and in the great majority of these, they will develop. It is a known issue, and Amazon will (at least for now) replace the tablet at no charge to you. As of now, they have a 'zero dead pixel tolerance policy.' That will likely change (if it hasn't already). As far as operational ability of the tablet, it runs smoothly, and allows for up to a 32gb micro sd card - which I highly recommend, as they are absolutely boiling over with bloatware (if you buy an 8 gig, you'll have about 3.5 available to you). It is a decent tablet for browsing the internet, using as an e-reader (however, the screen isn't as bright as other e-readers), or mp3 player. As they say, you get what you pay for. This is a decent basic option.
I've been using a Kindle forever, and when it became apparent I needed an Android device (I have a Windows phone, which I love but has serious app limitations) I thought I with a Fire I could get a tablet and upgrade my Kindle at the same time. But even with Geek Squad help I could never figure out how to upload the apps I needed onto the Fire. So back it went, replaced with a Lenovo tablet that does the trick.
Perfect for light surfing and reading. Don't expect much for this price range.
Has every feature a android phone would have. I mainly got it for Ebooks and it works great for that. However if your coming from a iOS device I don't suggest switching to this.
NO connection to WIFI, Nook Color, HD+ work on it.
Cheap tablet but solid built. Weak audio and poor camera.
I bought this tablet and returned it the same day. The only reason why I bought it in the first place was so I could play certain games with it but it turned out that the games were not supported on this device.
It's a good tablet, mainly because I order so much off amazon
Most apps you have to pay for basic apps like YouTube will not download without inputting credit card information what tablet for child not plausible to put in credit card information
I got this tablet for my son works good enough for his age. I recommend this tab for kids
this item was on a hefty sale, bought two for work purposes. a bit slow and annoyed by the constant Amazon notifications / integrations but it will work for the purpose of check emails and viewing photos.
Was surprised by reviews I read stating this device had a great display. By no means is the display bad, but please, this device only cost $40. It does not compete with the iPad and Galaxy tablets. The Fire OS needs some sharpening up.
first tBlet that i got was defective and returened and got anothers one because when i powered on screen was totally white
It was so slow and problematic i couldnt even get in to the store. Switched to a Samsung and we love it!
This would be a great deal due to the good price for an better than entry level Android tablet... but... it is impossible to play music from Google play on it. Only Amazon! That's ok, since is their business, but should make that cleat to not waste time to buy and return it :(If you have a short budget and don't care about being attached to amazon only, this tablet is for you.
Hate Amazon! The app store doesn't have cool apps!
The system is a little slow and then if you get the one with the offers, they slow down your reading a bit. But, you can't beat the price. This is not a full tablet. It' an E-Reader with a lot of enhanced functions.
I bought this as a birthday gift a few weeks before the party. When it was removed from package and turned on, the image was cracked like the screen was broken, but screen was not broken. Best Buy washed their hands of it and said to call Amazon. I did and had to go through over a week's worth of calling them to get it replaced. Best Buy lost me as a customer over this. If you buy this from them, make them open it before you pay to verify it works.
The first one I bought had a battery failure. It wouldn't charge. Best Buy graciously supported me with a replacement. I like the tablet. Two enhancements that would be nice on it are 1) Speech to text capability and 2) Google Playstore preloaded.If you're using it for reading and internet browsing it is very good.Also, Alex (She) gave me great customer support. Kudos Alex!
After purchasing 4 Amazon Fire tablets i immediately noticed the amount of advertisement they came with at the pricing of the tablet that I bought. There's always some kind of advertisement on the screen when it wakes up. My other issue is after adding a card to make a few purchases for some apps for my kids. I removed the ability to make purchases without a password, well that did not actually happen. For a few days my children were able to make purchases in apps without any props that said; are you sure or asking for a password. I've had to completely remove the accounts and reinstall a different account for them to be able to stop making purchases. I also had them transfer the purchases to the new email a big hassle. Overall the tablet works good great for the kids.
Nice built tablet. You need to note that it has Amazon Store, and no Google Play Store.
Bought for my grandson he doesn't like it it's to slow..
iPad without the bells and whistles. The parental controls are good, but a bit confusing. Haven't had the time to sit down and sort it out
I was excited to get this because of the price. After taking it home I started noticing things that bothered me. I use samsung devices and the amazon app store does not have a lot of the same apps. Even chrome would not work on this device. I did return this because I was looking for more than a bare stock tablet. But if that's what your looking for its great!
This is a ok tablet, worth $50 is a little slow, but for the money it's ok
Even though the price of the tablet matters the display and resolution should have been much better. Feels like working in the tablet without the charger connected. Amazon disappointed me with this product. Minor issues in installing the apps which are available in iOS too.
This tablet is good to browse the web, check emails, watch youtube videos,... The screen is small but still bigger than any smartphone.It's a bit slow but it's a good bang for the buck.Big drawback: no access to google play and no support for chromecast if you want to cast to your TV.
II like that you can undo Emails, if you accidentally deleted them.
everything started out great, but then about 9 days into owning the fire, could not locate wifi, doesn't work without wifi
This tablet has a great price but don't let that fool you. The tablet performs much lower that other tablets I've used.
When you buy an Amazon product from Best buy they will not take responsibility after two weeks and said to speak to Amazon directly,But you cannot return any Amazon products bought from Best buy to Amazon, Do not buy Amazon products from Best buy but ever again as you are doomed with it
Good if use of tablet is low and not very complex. Color quality is only average.
Great for reading, not great for playing games needs more storage.
Nothing special and not much memory but for $40 it is worth the price
Affordable tablet for kids to use. Great deal!!!!!!
I needed an Android device to run an app no longer on the iOS App Store. I later learned it wasn't in Amazon's store so I had to install a work around. Got the Play store, downloaded the app and deleted the Play store. It wouldn't be my first choice in tablets but it doesnwhat I purchased it for and does it better than I expected. I don't appreciate the lack of security and encryption but I intentionally leave private info off the device so it doesn't impact me.
Amazon Kindle needs to put more effort in their tablets, not a lot of applications compatible with the Amazon OS but for 50 dlls is totally worth.
This is an OK tablet for the price. Does is able to do a lot of things like a more expensive tablet, but I find it to be slow. I bought it mainly as a reader, so am not to concerned about the other apps, etc. Is handy to carry in a purse for reading on the go. I have hooked it up to public wifi and seems to work OK, did not do much as don't know if any security there.
replacement for broken screen tablet on grandson's tablet...he's happy
I bought this for the offline movie download capability. When I travel it is amazing
We switched from an older model tablet to this simplified Kindle Fire. For the price, it is a decent reader, which is primarily what we were seeking, but it has its limitations.The primary user in the house used it to read before bed. He feels the lowest brightness setting is still too bright, so he defaults his books/documents to black screen. However, words in italics default to the screen background, which means they are black. Doh!He also doesn't like the persistence of the Washington Post popping up on his Home Screen. He finds it a bit annoying. However, he doesn't mind the ads and suggested content from Amazon at all. it is just the Washington Post that he doesn't like.Beyond those minor things, it is an inexpensive and feature rich ereader. Being Amazon Prime customers, we share content between our accounts with ease now that we both are on Kindle platform.
Great tablet fast and great resolution. Great with prime membership
I purchased this for my mother to use primarily to check Facebook and watch Netflix. I was a little bit disappointed to find out that there was not a Vudu app available. I hope that one is in the development stages. I knew that this was not a full out tablet when I bought it, but had hoped that since it was based on Android, it would have the major Android apps.
I mainly use this tablet to read my kindle books on but it also handles playing music and watching videos fine. Great for social media as well. A perfect first tablet for someone who has yet to experience a tablet or smart mobile technology. Definitely buy a decent sized micro SD card when you get it though, as the real space you receive after purchase is more like 4 GB because the OS takes so much space on the device.
I purchased one as a Christmas gift. from Best Buy on line...it worked fine the first month,did not use it for a few weeks. I went to turn it on..did not get nothing .The lefthand bottom corner says "FASTBOOTH mode" It is locked on this and I get nothing else.Did not buy any product protection so I guess it is a complete loss.
I bought this when it was on sale, and my rewards coupon was expiring so I felt I didn't have much to lose. Overall, this tablet is a good value, but you have to be careful about certain aspects.The tablet is really fast for something in this price range. The screen has pretty good resolution as well. There is no Bluetooth connectivity so keyboards and wireless headphones won't work with it.The app store is the Amazon app store. I side loaded Google Play and am getting my apps from there (YouTube helpful for instructions). The lock screen is an Amazon billboard. The default search is Bing instead of Google. I haven't figured out how to fix that yet. I just use the Google app to search Google. You can load the Chromecast app from Play, but it is hit or miss as to whether it works. It works for YouTube and Flixter, but it doesn't work for any Disney Apps (Watch ESPN, Watch ABC, etc.). You can cast the screen and view things that way, but the resolution is limited to the resolution of the tablet's screen.I think it was a good deal since it was cheap, and I can now watch my Prime Movies on it. Still, it's not the tablet you would expect from an Android device. My satisfaction would improve greatly if Chromecast worked better.
Like it. Worth the 50 $ just wish it only had a real Google play store
This tablet screen and memory is lackluster at best but other than that if you are replacing another one of the Kids tablets or giving a gift to an older family member this is the way to go. The video on Amazon website shows a better picture while streaming video, Amazon "One touch" is turned on automatically so be careful to password protect purchases unless you don't mind a lot of $2.99 purchases. In short they make it too easy to purchase items by mistake. I thought I was on Prime video and notice that I was charged for an episode of Warehouse 13. Since I didn't see the show and caught this quickly I was able to chat with Amazon Customer Care and they walked me through how to change that setting online. This tablet not for me since I'm looking for a higher end media tablet with more memory than the 8GB this unit has.
It's ok I would recommend it to friends for sure in the future
I purchased the tablet as a screen for my drink and it worked just fine
Bought this to replace a broken tablet hoping it would work for a replacement. Unless you are amazon everything. Google apps aren't easily installed on this tablet. Otherwise it's a great value for the money.
The kindle fire I purchased does not work. It does not start or charge.
Movee very slow but it is ok for the price that i paid for it.
Can not print from this device...Using the touch screen is very difficult.
I think this tablet is better for simple usage. Not so much for a whole lot of apps and games, as the memory is used up SUPER FAST for only being 8GB (when in reality you don't get the full 8GB to begin with). I got this for my 7yr old daughter and the apps eat up the memory which eventually slow down the tablet and make it kick off the wifi because there isn't enough memory for it to fully function. You pretty much HAVE to get a memory card for it with atleast 16GB or more. But for a starter and for basic stuff...checking social media etc it's fine. And for a starter tablet for kids.
This is a great product and I did research it before buying 3 of them. Having said that, I didn't realize the apps such as Instagram and Madden mobile, we're not available on Amazon. This was a BIG disappointING factor for the young people using the product. The other big complaint we have with this product is the length of the charging cord. WAY TOO SHORT.
I picked up this tablet thinking it would be a great buy. I have a few family members that own the previous model of the kindle fire and highly approve of them. The new product I got was very disappointing, The display had a dead pixel on it when I turned it on. The product is very slow and the cameras leave a lot to be desired. I took it back and exchanged for an IPad Mini 4 and am very happy with it.
Bought this tab for the $40 dollar sale price and its a nice little system. Nothing worthy of note though I have to say I am not a fan of the amazons operating system. My wife hates the inability to delete preinstalled bloatware so the home-screen is not OCD friendly.
It is a nice tablet for the price. The camera is not that great but it is decent. Beware of the memory capacity though. It says that it holds 8 gb but only has 3.81 gb of free space, so less than half.
Luckily best buy exchanged the kindle fire for a Lenovo tablet with courtesy and ease. Thank you best buy! It was a black Friday purchase that I did nothing with until late January/ early February. Great way to do business and therefore keep it.
The processor was so slow. It took about five minutes to load a five minute YouTube video with 50 Mb/min. Internet.
I got these for my 4 and 8 year old. They love them
SPECIAL OFFERS means there are popup ads when you turn on the Kindle for games and books. I called amazon and they want me to pay $15.99 to turn this off! I am returning this and buying another brand of tablet. I am DONE with amazon they will never get a dime from me!
U thought it was going to be like an iPad or Samsung but it's all Amazon mode and you can't turn off the lock screen ads!!!! I get tired of seeing them...
Works okay for what we paid. Not super speedy, quality is a little grainy as well
This item is taking forever to charge and not holding the charge. We may have to return. I assume it is this unit and not all.
Bought these for my kids for the holidays. No you tube app installed, so you have to find a 3rd party substitute. Ads pop up all the time, with an option to remove them for $15. Amazon states that since I purchased the tablet on sale for $15, this is how they can afford to compensate for that revenue. I would have returned them had we been able to find the receipt.Maybe a good product, but not for us.
I bought the Fire for my 8 year old for school after a suggestion from the sales rep in store. Went to set it up and it required a credit card number be entered. Couldn't even download free kids apps. Why would I want my child able to accidently buy something? I refused and thus not able to download anything. We will be returning it. Product appears best for an adult who likes to read books on tablet.
This tablet is showing it's age. I bought one for my 10 year old back when he was 7 and it was cool then. Picked up two on sale for my 4 and 5 year old so they can leave my phone alone and they like it. However it's slow when downloading apps and I constantly have to plug in my pin. Battery life isn't that great either especially when they stream movies so i still have to give up my phone . Overall still a decent product hood picture and they like it.
The main reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it's no iPad. It will be great for kids mostly. The screen quality is not the best.
Not a bad basic tablet but is slow when loading apps
I hate the ads. They are annoying and you cannot get them off. It's super confusing how to even get to the home page
I purchased this tablet because I saw that it was at an affordable price point for me. With this, it's really not that bad. The only 2 things I've found to be able a little bit annoying is that it's a little awkward to hold/handle when I'm playing my games. The second issue I've found with this type of tablet is that it's made out of plastic & its noisy. The overall performance is quite impressive though. Good price point, with good intentions, just a little cheap feeling & a little big in the hands to hold.
Had nothing but prblems wasnt satisfied at all and will never buy agian
I have been a kindle user for years and I expect a certain level of quality. This version falls short. Constantly freezes.
Works great for my 6 year old grandson! he loves it.
not as good as the first kindle fire I got and ok product.
This is embarrassing. I purchased one game from amazon app store. The app crashed right away after I started it. I don't know how Amazon tested all these apps on their own device. But the experience is really bad.
Good purchase for the money but the screen is smaller than I anticipated.
Had to return TWO tablets b/c they had dead pixels. Third was fine!
I dont like ads, amazon needs to find a better way to advertise.
4out of the 6kindles I purchased does not work. the date and time will not set properly therfore it is unable to connect to the wifi. contacted amazon, they acknowledged the problem but directed me back to best buy since they have a 30day back return policy on this product. Well I am unable to make it back into the store by the time the return policy is up.
I cant comment much on the operation of this device as it was bought as a gift. But the price is super and past experience with Kindle readers promices you will get a excellent bang for the buck.
Bought 3 of these black Friday for my kids they seem to be doing good so far hopefully they last.
the amazon fire sucks the pictures and camera sucks and blurry as can be
Good quality touch compared to other low priced tabs .. Poor on apps .Good for children to play around.
Got it for my daughter and she loves it and I love the child age range usage
Don't support google.. My son could not view his grade.
Got this on Black Friday as a gift. Kids luv it.Touch response is not very smooth
Touch is not good. Also very limited apps on amazon app store.
You can't go wrong for $50.00 The only thing is that the graphics and speed aren't the best.
The price is something you can't beat... but it can be misleading.Pretty much every function and app required you to buy something, not much you can do for free. But still worth it for such low price.
Hard to figure out to use this tablet can't figure out how to close apps. Also says no storage to run wifi. Lastly bought three of them and one is not working wish it came with a user guide
Good value for the price, though a little slow loading some apps.
Good tablet for kids 10+ . My wife uses it to read on long drives
You get what you pay for with this kindle fire. Excellent as a Kindle for reading books, but not great for using the Internet. I am used to using another tablet which is much quicker and I was frustrated using the Kindle... It doesn't measure up to other tablets. Still worth the $ for a decent reading device.
It did not meet my expectations and was pretty slow.
Took around 2 and a half days for the you tube to start the video.... But its decent enough once it started... You can never be sure when it is gonna work and when not
I bought it for 34 $ during thanks giving. This is average product. I would suggest to go for Fire HD.
Bought two of these tablets for my stepson and mother-in-law for Christmas. Not bad items for the price. Basic tablets,basic features, nothing special about them. They use them for connecting to the internet, playing games and watching movies. This tablet does this well on wi-fi. I expect them to perform well for the next couple of months.
Slow, advertisements on home screen are annoying can be stopped for a fee
It is okay does what it is suppose to amazon is kind of annoying but otherwise good buy
For under $50, it's cheap and so so with stocked firmware BUT you can root it then put a new custom firmware on it, After such you are no longer have many annoying pop up and adware from Amazon and I feel like my Fire Table is now worth at leat 2 times more than what I have paid for it.
This is a competent tablet at a bargain price. Unfortunately it is crippled by a useless operating system. Amazon's take on Android essentially removes all functionality that makes Android great, to force you to use their services and apps INSTEAD of Google's.If you're a tinkerer or don't mind doing some software hacking, this is a pretty easy fix. You can hack Google's apps and services back into it, resulting in an amazing, and amazingly cheap Android tablet.Unless you're willing to do, or hire someone to do, those software modifications, you'll probably be disappointed. If you are, it'll be the best cheap tablet you'll ever own.It looks like it might be great for kids, even in its stock state. I don't have kids, so I could not test that. But I added a star for that possibility.Unmodified: 2 starsModified: 5 stars
Even after reading the reviews about it being slow I decided to go head any purchase it. Didn't thick it was going to be this slow
You get what you pay for. Definitely not an iPad but they work great for our kids
Good tablet but you could find a better one in market within same price range. The one thing I don't like is the brightness , it's poor.And amazon could have given a better FaceTime camera., that's really bad.
This Tab is not for grown ups... neither for work nor for entertainment... the Amazon Fire OS has a long way to go..!!
Its a good tablet with very nice screen and functions. As with amazon fire tablets , you are stuck with apps on amazon and you may not get too many variety and good quality apps. If you are ok with Amazon apps, this is a fine nice tablet.. If you need good and verities of apps, go for android tablet.
Works as good as it should for the price. Its a little outdated...but for streaming tv and books its ok
Force update when turned it on for the first time. Have to wait for an hour with nothing to do on the tablet. Really bad user experience.
It runs pretty slow. I wish it ran a faster then it would be great
Bought unit on black friday as a gift. It's good thus far. Wish it was easier to get back to the home screen. Other than that I like the unit
My niece really enjoyed this tablet and she uses it alot.
Good for kids just wanting to play games or watch movies. Even when purchasing extra gb storage cards.
Very different from my iPad. I'm sure I will get the hang of it.
This is way to complicated for kids, my kid was frustrated trying to figure it out
I like your this tablet. It's easy to use and gud camera.
I purchased this as a after thought. The tablet has 8gb but from the moment you start to use it almost five is already used by Amazon I was totally disappointed. I love how the screen savers changed though it was so clear and unique but the memory took the cake for me!
I like the price point for this tablet but for being a quad core processor, it runs kind of slow.
I was not satisfied with my purchase but for the price I guess it's ok
Gave as a Christmas gift. Recently learned that it stopped working within two weeks.
I bought a kindle fire. It serves my purpose of reading pdf files.
This is a good tablet for someone just wanting to surf the internet. Would buy again if was only surfing.
Good unit. But i have to reconnect the wifi often when using netflix
I've had 5 in my household over the years. It's good and does a lot more than be a reader. It's like a tablet...
Nice for books and games on the go so you don't have to use your phone battery
It contains too many adds that cant be removed including the lock screen its not worth the money
The tablet would never turn on, even after charging
This tablet works perfectly for my eight old. She loves it.
Nice tab for young kids getting use to using Tabs. Fully functional and fairly easy to use.
My son really likes this tablet. He wishes it was a little bit bigger screen size
Every time I open my amazon Fire, games pop up. It is very annoying. I have no interest in games. I do not play them. I did not purchase the item for games. I purchased my Fire for reading books, but it is very difficult to get to books. I go through a number of minutes and still do not accomplish the task that I want to do. I would like to know how to take off the games so I can do what I want to do.
Right out of the box it didn't work. We took it back and the Geek Squad couldn't get it to work either. Great disappointment for my 9 year old boy since it was a Christmas gift.
Pretty happy with my tablet. i mostly use it to try and play games.
unit must be charged frequently still trying to learn the fire
Small table for a small price comparable to other tablet options on the market but not as user-friendly as I'd hoped. I prefer Samsung and the Google Playstore. Initial set up took a while citing the table to could not locate WIFI but it was on an accessible and in use by other devices at the same moment with accessibility for the Fire tablet to also connect. Eventually it connected but the ability to use the tablet, functions, tools, etc with ease was disappointing to myself (adult) and child I purchased it for. However it's a great "first-time" tablet and priced well.
Everything seems to work as intended. The available storage is small when you include the pre loaded apps. I should have known that would be the case.
My kids like down games and play with. It is for young children if you dont want spent a lot of money
I bought this for Christmas for my niece. She loves it. She's four years old
It's a basic tablet, nothing fancy but great for its price.
Has lots of ads and seems to be a little slow in response. Bought for my kids and they like it so I'm ok with it.
Good storage and camera for younger children. Could have better battery life.
give this tablet to my son and was very happy with it!
Kindle fire is good because of the other things you can do besides just reading books. But it is slow and hard to read in sun.
It's exactly what you would expect for a tablet under $100. Very basic. Screen resolution if sub par for what's out today. Speed is questionable but works for our 2 year old.
good product. bought it for somebody else, so i spent little time on it.
Works great until....... I had forgotten that Amazon fire did not come with Google Playstore. I looked up how to add Playstore to the 7" Fire. There are many videos on YouTube that showed how to add Playstore to the fire. All seemed to add it OK but the loss performance of the Fire was noticeable. There were several apps that failed to work at all or lost features. One example was Lifetime. It was slow to load and failed to bring up Chromecast. One reason I hoped for this app would work was my Samsung and Vizio SMART TV's don't offer this app. I found a old tablet I had forgotten I had. I loaded Lifetime and works perfect. I guess what it boils down to, it you are after apps on the Playstore, get a non Amazon tablet. It is just easier to use, apps should work and you don't have to fool around trying to adapt Playstore. If Playstore isn't critical, then I'm sure this a a great little table.
Not much need for this thing, good price, but makes one wonder if they were on sale because they really don't do much and it would make a good gift for a youngster just getting started with a tablet. Not impressed at all.
It is tough to use these tablets if you are use to Apple products. Internal memory is minimal and is taken up by all of the Amazon programs it is running. Everytime my kids play a game, the wireless connection shuts down due to running out of memory. I would not recommend these tablets for anything more that an e-book reader.
This is a fully functional tablet for under $1000. Yes it is slow, yes it works. For my child it is fine. If you are looking for something to be fast, slick, improve your productivity - you will need to spend more money.
Good tablet but it does not include google play like i was told it does by an associate in your store
Based on the price it is easy to see that this tablet is not something that will knock your socks off but is good for children that like to read books.
purchased to use as a reader. Was told that it had Play Store and after many attempts, we couldn't get it to work properly
The Fire Tablet has an Android operating system but is not like using an Android phone. Amazon's software makes the tablet more cumbersome to use and the tablet will often freeze. Also, you cannot download Apps from Google Play you have to get them from the Amazon App Store. There are several Apps from Amazon that you cannot remove even if you do not use them. Would not recommend without having Amazon Support.
It is inexpensive tablet. The sound is not great too quiet.It is not the best but it is good price.
Wanted a cheap tablet to read books and comics. I found the lack of apps to be disappointing. It seems the tabelt is designed to make one buy books from amazon or to buy apps.
Tablet was reasonably priced. Would say it's a starter tablet for kids. Kind of slow on response but the kids enjoy it.
It's cheap so I didnt expect it to be amazing, nor am I disappointed, it's great for streaming video. Even better with chromecast.
I bought this for my toddler to keep her busy on road trips or at appointments and she wasn't too fond of it. It's kinda slow and limited to what you can do. One feature I did like is that you can set a profile for kids and they'll only be able to use apps that you designate for them to use.
my kids get a lot of use out of their tablets. however, I wish the battery life was better.
Built solidly. Very slow. I bought this for my kids but I cant download kids YouTube on it
Didn't think it is well made the product ask for too many sign up
Very slow ...I guess it's worth the 40 bucks.. great product for a child..
Needs some user interface improvements. The screen is decent for the price of the tablet.
Speakers sound real low Not easy to use at allHave to pay for everything
The table is good for someone that just need some entertainment and make amazon purchases
Hey man who was the only way to the next few days ago by the way to get the latest version of this message has a lot more than just the right now
If you were looking for a tablet thats cheap, this is it. Great for watching netflix
My 2 year old loves this thing. Uses it mostly for Netflix. Major issue with this is that it barely has any memory. It is very limited as to what and how much you can put on it.We have about 10 apps/games or less and Netflix app. It will not allow anything more as it has no space.
Decent product. It's definitely not for anyone who wants a tablet to stream or play games (other than amazon prime and laggy games) but it's OK for internet browsing and general use. It's on the lowest end of the tablet prices, so you get what you pay for
Love everything about the unit except that it gets hot when used for 10 to 15 minutes. Hope it doesn't burn or explode.
Purchased for my kids but it was hard to navigate and ended up with purchasing an iPad
I bought this on Black Friday, simply because it was dirt cheap. It works ok but kinda slow.
When purchased it wouldnt turn on. After doing some research everyone said theirs did that after dropped or being dropped in water. I FINALLY got it to come on.
I started out liking the tablet but having to change a lot of the settings. It works good but I really did not like the advertisements that were appearing.
This is definitely not an iPad or a high end tablet. Nevertheless, for the discounted price that i paid on it (so, less than $50), it is well worth getting. I wanted something bigger while waiting for the next iPad Air to come out, and this fits the bill for paying little and getting a basic low end tablet. It is geared towards Amazon media consumption, ad it does that decently even with a screen resolution less than HD. If the sale comes back again where it is $15 off, I would not hesitate to recommend it again.
I hope to have it set up for my disabled daughter sooon
Bought this in thanksgiving sale. It's a great loss price tablet at the sale price but would not buy it for regular price. Would go for HD model instead by playing a bit extra though.
Don't know much about this item. I purchased it on Black Friday for my niece. Hope she likes it.
I purchased these for my grandchildren, ages 3 to 9. Not a lot of power/performance but great for the kids. They have downloaded books from amazon and viewed movies on Netflix. One downfall was my Grandson could not connect his tablet to his MiP's robot he received for Christmas. Would not recommend this tablet to those seeking computer performance like that of the large more functional tablets like Samsung Dell and others
I was looking for a Kindle Fire because I have had other android tablets in the past and most times the Kindle app makes them crash or takes up too much space on the tablet. I like it for reading but it isn't as great for other things and you are not allowed to have the Google Play store on it because that competes with the Amazon app store. However, not all apps are available on the Amazon app store so this was an immediate drawback for me. I will keep this and use it but in the future I will not buy Kindle tablets again.
Every time it was turned on and Every time I went to the Internet I had advertisement. If I'm going to pay money for something I certainly don't want advertisement along with it. If it were free okay fine advertise to me.The advertisement could not be shut off. I returned it.
I purchased this for my husband to play his games on(clash of clans). The BB salesperson assured me he would be able to use it for that. Got it home, turns out you can only use/gets apps from the Amazon store which does not include games like clash of clans. It was already opened and set up so I gave it to my 6 yr old. He plays a few games on it and watches some movies, but would much rather play with the iPad.
Not as good as the HDX but does well for $50. Also much slower than HDX. Screen is more pixelated than anticipated. Would probably spend more next time and get a quicker unit.
This is a good tablet for the price, however, it runs slow and the touch screen response is not the best. This isn't the right tablet if you're looking for a high speed, high performance tablet.
I like what you get for the price. But it is a little tricky for my kids to figure out so I do have to help them a lot.
This table works okay but slow. Warning, this device is ad subsidized for the price, meaning you have to see ads.
I bought this for my 3 year old, so she would have another option for watching her shows besides my iPad. Needless to say, she was too frustrated with the slowness to load the Netflix app, and it would only get internet if you were in the same room as the modem. You really do get what you pay for. If you buy this, don't count on getting online very seamlessly. The Internet browser is really slow to use, but you can get around this by downloading Google Play store to access the Firefox app, which is not offered on the Amazon App Store. Check YouTube for instructions..
We bought WowWee MiP robots for our grandsons, 8 and 11 years old. They don't have iPad or iPhone in their home. So thoroughly researched what else would work for installing the app. Talked with Best Buy salesperson, who said the app could be loaded via the app store (it can't).Kindle Fire 2015 is included on the WowWee "compatibility" list. So we bought them each a brand new Kindle in order to use the app. They had Kindles from earlier years, but these wouldn't support the Bluetooth functionality needed for the robots.ABSOLUTE FAIL. We tried EVERY possible configuration (adult vs child Amazon accounts; Bluetooth on first or off first; MiP on first or off first; etc). It never worked at all ~ not even once.Also tried full factory reset on each device, loading the app via a Google Play account, rather than Amazon Kindle account. Google Play wouldn't load the app; said it wasn't compatible with this Kindle device.Opened a ticket on WowWee. The response was that they've had the same experience - the bluetooth on this Kindle fails and so the app doesn't work with the WowWee robots. They admit it fails, yet it's still on their approved list.So this was an absolute waste of money, tho at least the boys can play some free games we loaded for them.
had a fire HD, got this to try, spend the extra and get the HD
It is a nice, cheap, small tablet to keep around for vids, Fire TV remote, etc.
Ok for a beginner or young person, or someone just learning the technology.
I got this for my son because it's cheap enough for me to replace if he breaks it. I really have no complaints about it, has my music and great apps for my son to use. Not to mention it's easily replaceable. For more visit www.blackliontravel.com
My grandchildren love this. Its the perfit size for them and ot allows them to do all the things they want. The price was also great, much less than a large tablet.
I actually ended up returning this item because I got frustrated with the adds. If it wasn't for that I probably would have given it 5 stars.
It was just the worst software I've ever seen you could barely play or do anything
The sales rep told me this kindle Fire tablet is easy to set up. Just follow the directions. Three hours later + a trip back to the store, a member of the Geek Squad finally got my e mail to work. He could not tell me why it was a problem. Also the camera quality is very poor. If you use it to check your e mails and browse the web, its fine. Other than that.... oh well.
It was an okay purchase for my 6 year old. I definitely wouldn't pouches it for myself. Not much you can do on it.
It's different than android system's. And to be honest I prefer android.
while the price was great the tablet is filled with advertising and is getting slower and slower with usage...
i am hoping will we happy with this fire tablet,, have a kindle fire from 2 years ago i really like, but this is so cheap am a little worried, but heard good things and that it is a bang for the buck! hope so! :)
We bought this for our son. He is rough on electronics. Great price
THIS ITEM IS GREAT FOR A 15 YEAR OLD. IT IS JUST WHAT SHE NEEDED.
Definitely not as smooth as hoped, then again for the price. But internet browser was really bad and you can't add chrome out the box
the screen is mediocre. the processor is good, very little storage. and you have to deal with ads, every time you turn on the screen. You can pay to have them removed. for that price you can get a better screen, more storage and open ecocistem. that is not tied only to amazon
Decent product. Not so much if you're used to android software. You can't get your photos saved in google. More than half of my music collection vanished once the memory card was inserted. Basicly have to hack the thing to get any apps outside of amazon and then reliability is poor. Exchanged it for am android tablet
Pros:InexpensiveExpandable storageGood for Amazon Prime members and Amazon shoppersCons:Slow/sluggish performanceLack of apps (no YouTube, Instagram etc)Some available apps crash or can not be installedTouch screen freezesScreen resolution is not sharp or bright, greenish hueToo many links/ads to buy thingsSound quality is not goodWiFi onlyConclusion:For the price the Amazon Fire 7 Tablet is good for those who want an eReader that can also access email, Facebook and Amazon Prime but the lack of apps, cheap construction and buggy performance keep it from being a good, full-featured tablet.
You cannot beat the price on this tablet, but there is no bluetooth. Also, it really hits you hard with advertising and trying to get you to do everything through amazon. We bought it to use in the kitchen with our digital cookbooks.
I bought this tablet to connect to my hdtv. After not being able to get it to connect, I called Amazon customer care who informed me that this model doesn't connect to the tv, but the previous model (4th generation) does and that I should purchase the Amazon fire stick. Why the newer model does less...who knows. If you want to watch movies just on the tablet then it's a great buy, but didn't work for my purposes.
My mother has the larger Amazon tablet, which prompted me to purchase this version. The tablet screen seemed smaller than a standard 7' tablet, so I returned it.
The resolution on the games is not good. I didn't even try to watch Netflix because i knew it wouldn't show clearly. Also, it is slow using the internet. I assumed it would look and work like Android but i wrong. Everything is Amazon which i am unfamiliar with. Honestly, it is better for reading books. I returned for something more diverse and better.
This tablet does what it supposed to do, however, if you have one of the newer smart phones with a large screen there just isn't enough difference in the screen size to justify a second piece of equipment.
restricts use of some web pages- including barnes and nobles where I have a library- useless to read the books in my Barnes library
My old Kindle Fire got pushed into the water by my cat, so I bought a new one. It's OK, but nothing to write home about. Kinda of slow and the size is a little awkward.....too narrow. It'll do, and the price is right, but if you can afford more, buy a better tablet.
The tablet works only when it wants too. I have to restart it all the time for it to work properly. Only have 2 weeks with it and the youtube app sucks it doesn't work properly
Won't load or be compatible with some games sold by Amazon.
The tablet is great for reading. It does not allow you to download many of the games my child enjoys which are usually available on other tablets.
I recommend it mostly for reading, but it's ok as a tablet.
Bought it on thanksgiving night just opened pkg and the screen is crushed. Haven't been able to take it back but was told when I called in that they might not have any in stock.
Cheap tablet for price, for a kid or an older person that might not know how to use it.
This 7" 2015 version should have been marketed to children only. It's like a very "dumbed" down, cheap version of the better FireHD and HDX. Screen is not as good, battery life is bad, no mirroring to TV and it's slooowww as can be. If you've never owned another kind of Kindle you will probably be accepting of this watered down version. For those that know what a real kindle should be like, you may want to pass on this one. Another version should be along soon and since they can't get much worse than this one you'll probably get a better one. I got mine on Black Friday for a little over $30. total with shopping discounts and I'm still sending it back! That's how disappointed I am with it.
Was not a fan of this product Browsers are extremely slow
I have an IPad but thought I would buy this Black Friday to play around with and program to give to my Mother to enjoy.
Bought this tablet this Thanksgiving for $35.Tablet is too slow and apps doesn't responds properly, tried doing the updates over wifi to see if that resolves the issue but that didn't work too.Commons apps like Gmail, Facebook, Messenger or browser related are dying very frequently and sometimes doesn't even boots up, also, coming from Android you will feel that you have landed up in a deserted apps land.A good tablet for kids but adults can't rely on it !
I didn't expect a lot at this price, but I also did not expect both of my tablets to be riddled with dead/stuck pixels right out of the box. I have a third arriving in the mail and am just praying that I am at least good for 1/3. Waiting on its arrival before doing the trip for return/replacement just in case that one needs to go as well. Maybe just bad luck, but definitely worth noting for anyone who may also be inconvenienced by having to do a return.Everything else seems good though when you can look past the display issues, but may be worth waiting until these defective lots have been disbursed and the issues have been corrected.I am sure if you don't have these display issues that the product deserves more than 2 stars, but if you can see things from my perspective it is kind of difficult to recommend this to anyone for the time being. If the display did not have these pixel issues I could see this easily being a 4 Star recommendation. If you do a little research you will see that there are definitely some lot numbers that are more problematic than others, so this is not just a rare incident. If it is for you and you plan to grab one from a brick and mortar location, do yourself a favor and just boot it up before you drive home. :)
Ok tablet...decent size screen & graphics. Was hoping I could mirror my phone to it but it doesn't have miracast.
We bought this Kindle Fire for our autistic grandson. He seemed to fight with it trying to connect to the internet. After 3 adults tried and tried to connect it to the internet, it finally connected. Every time he comes to our house, we have to fight again to get it connected. We decided this was not the unit for him or any other kid. So, its back to the mini I-Pad.
This is an average performance tablet and amazon centric. This tablet could have been better if amazon would have made it with android os instead of poorly designed fire OS. The app store and apps in that are not great. This tablet can be good for people who wants to read while travel or play some games while travel will be good. I paid only 35$ so cant complain for the price i paid. I already have ipad mini 2 and comparing with that makes this tablet little slow.
Could not download my books at home. Three visits to Best Buy, returned it.
Tablet is ok. It does display ads on the lock screen, that you can't opt out of, to my knowledge. But for the price, I can't really complain. I bought it at the $35 BF price. I wouldn't let me download Instagram for some reason either.
Not happy that the product had no instruction book to go with it to help set it up. Not a big fan of the online tutorial. Had a really hard time in powering it off. Camera setting did not take very good pictures. DID NOT LIKE THE MULTIPLE ADS ON IT EVERY TIME I USED IT. FINALLY IT LOCKED UP ON ME AND I HAD A HARD TIME GETTING IT TO GO TO SETTINGS SO I COULD DO ANYTHING WITH IT. Probably will be returning this product to Best Buy.
This product is a beginner product for Kids and nothing to be of use for Elders
Well primarily I was going. To for a Samsung galaxy but for the price I went with this kindle for my daughter to use I do like the parental control features I just wish Amazon was a full android device instead of limitations to app markets I can't even get Google play. Unless you jail break it. Well for what it does it works fine just not the top of the list.
Amazon adds are annoying. Lack of compatibility with Google and other apps is annoying. Price is great. Nice to have but it really isn't better than other tablets out there.
Does not pick up WiFi very well; apps take longer to download...However regular software apps work great!
Like most Androd devices, has slowed down considerably over time since purchase. Nice for video watching but browsing the Internet is slow at times. Apps take awhile to load good for the price
This tablet handles the basics including email, Facebook, web browsing and utube. No comparison to theiPad though.,
First, bought it 15 days before it went on sale everywhere. Next, store doesn't tell you about all the ads offers that come with it and you must pay $15 to disable them. Performance is slow; keypad is slow, am typing faster than it can register resulting in lots of typos. Watching movies is decent, but sound could be better. It drops WiFi more than I'm used to. Have several apps that cannot be installed on it and a few that consistently crash. Good battery kifre, but Quite slow to recharge. Sometimes the "keys" stick and can't get out of something even with home key, must restart. Thought this would be cheap temporary solution but this is better served by my 5 year old grandson.I got $50 worth of tablet.Compared to the look and feel of my old iPad, its like I'm still using a VCR and everyone else is on blue ray.
I purchased the new Kindle Tablet not really knowing what to expect..I didn't read any reviews before hand, nor did I try the one in store. After getting home, charging, and applying updates I noticed there are numerous bright/stuck pixels at least 8. It's only noticeable on dark screens. I understand the devices limitations verses price but you would expect to at least have a functional screen with maybe 1 pixel issue at most.As I mentioned above when you plug it in and turn it on it immediately starts an update, that process took a good thirty minutes to complete. Upon first boot I went to register with my Amazon account but it returned some funky error message, I tried again and it said the device was already registered, so I was unable to complete the setup/walk through. I'm a very technical user so this wasn't too big of an issue, but I could see where it could be for someone that isn't savvy with computers/tablets.All that said in use, it runs decently, and def better then you would expect a Tablet at this price point to run. It's not a power house per-se but for what it's built for, consumption device, it does everything from play movies, music and casual games with out a hitch. The UI is realitivley snappy as well.Pros:- Price- IPS Screen viewable at most angles- Works well with the Amazon eco systemCons:- Mono sound (1 speaker poorly placed on back of unit)- Stuck Pixels out of the box- Low Resolution- Device registration issuesIn closing I would recommend to friends as long as they understand it's limitations.
Nice Amazon Fire tablet But...the camera is not clear enough 2.0 megapixels and Amazon Fire is very slow wedsite and app it takes very forever download I think I have to returned on best buy and buy a good tablet 10.1 Lenovo and Samsung Galaxy...I will gave a Zero Rating Star
It works great. Not affected by the singular WiFi band at all.Battery life is amazing.Just be sure you can get the apps you'd like from the appstore, google play isn't accessible. So if you're looking for Snapchat, Instagram, NBC, Comcast, Vudu, you won't get those here.Returning it. Which is too bad, I really enjoyed it. More bang for the buck if you could access those apps. But like I said, it was my fault for not checking first. I was expecting the 'apps from unknown sources' to kick in but it so didn't.
just bought it and not really happy i really expected more from amazon
Apps run okay but the real problem is streaming and internet browsing. I'm telling you, generic tablets are faster... I thought it was my internet at first but all my other devices work phenomenally fast. I first noticed this after I started using it but I thought I would give it a shot. I've decided to return this and exchange for another $50 tablet tomorrow. This is because I couldn't even watch a simple youtube video today.Here's what I did like. It's name brand. The games are nice and mostly ad free. It uses Android 5.0 but uses their own app store. Reading books is great. Library app is kinda slow but still works.Perfect cheap tablet for kids age 6 to 13 maybe...
I purchased this amazon fire. Because, Reviews are good. But, I realized they left reviews before they receive it.I found couple of issues not to buy this tablet.1. It is impossible to use google account.Even You can log in gmail account.2. Bad for web surfing. There are so many limits for web surfing.3.This issue is only for Koreans. It is impossible to type & see Korean language.Do not buy this tablet if you are Korean.I do not know why this tablet does not support Korean. Even supports other Asian countries languages as like Chinese, Japanese. Etc....
the tablet is certainly a good value but the wifi signal drops frequently and even when it shows its connected can fail to download any data. Perhaps this is a glitch that will be fixed in a later SW update but for now I have to say the performance is underwhelming. the Backlight also has some serious bleed issues which is a sign of an inferior design and or workmanship. The fire 7 HD which i also own has none of these issues. Get what you pay for rings true again.
The Fire 7 has a great price! You get your money's worth. However, you may have to do an exchange if you get a damaged one. The one I bought had a busted pixel in the screen. There was no damage to the case or glass screen, but the image had a bright white puncture hole in the screen's image. I've owned multiple, but I have never had this problem before with an ePad tablet when I just bought it. I will now have to visit Best Buy again tomorrow for an exchange. I'm hoping they're still in stock. It's not Best Buy's fault. The fault lies with Amazon. They're clearly not that durable.
I don't care for the lack of storage or the strange arrangement and naviagation through the software. Nonetheless it's nice for its price
The kids were loving these as Christmas gifts but here we are 6 months later and the battery charging port barely even works. We have to hold the charging cable at a certain angle for it to even charge. I wasn't expecting a super long life out of these tablets at $39.99 a pop but should've lasted longer than 5-6 months. Very upset with 4 sad kiddos.
got it to play games or get info when waiting at dr app
Bought it as birthday gift for my son. He didn't like it at first because he is ise to the Android system. He likes it more now that he's figured it out and for the price it's ok.
A nice size with many perks, like a crisp screen & fun vibrant colored outer shell. However the pop up ads are annoying.
I got this to replace the iPad for a child. I am so disappointed by the charge. It dies so quickly and the charger has to be wrapped around the tablet in order for it to charge. This was after 2 weeks of having the tablet. Low price but not worth the hassle and disappointment!
Small and lightweight. I wouldn't really recommend for teenagers or adults more so for kids under 10
Its ok for the price if willing to deal with the ads and cant download certain apps.
Bought this for my daughter and she didn't care for it when it came to the apps. Works great for reading.
If this is your first tablet I would recommend it. If you've ever had an iPad and would stick with the iPad and pay the extra money, even for an older one. "You get what you pay for".
It's a good starter tablet. I haven't been overly impressed but it does what it needs to do.
Works great as a reader, OK for apps. Battery lasts ages while reading, but dies quickly if I am gaming.
very slow device for most adults. probably fine for a child
I wouldn't buy again, had trouble w/shutting off all the time, we would have it reset back to the factory reset status and it would lock up and freeze, actually replaced with second thinking that was just a bad one however sad to report same problems. Not a favorite purchase.
I've been spoiled by Apple. I bought the tablet for my son so he could have his own. He still uses his sister's iPod and iPad and they are years old.I would only recommend this to families that don't own apple products.
Its a good tablet for my 6 yr old to play games and watch videos. Only thing is the charger doesnt stay in the port and battery doesnt last long
Ok for a younger teen. Mediocre product. Still worth the sale price.
Love my watch bumper, but the tablet is so slow wouldn't recommend
It does everything that much more expensive products do, but it is much, much slower when changing apps. Once using the app, the very slow speed is no longer an issue.
Use it a lot for listening to audio books. Too many ads.
This tablet is only about average, but it is fine for my grandchildren, they have lots of fun playing the games
My granddaughter used her phone constantly to play games and when she needed to make a call phone is dead. Now with tablet, she FaceTime me more and her phone now keep a chatge.
Too slow for games and videos i bought it for my youngest son so they wouldnt fight for the ipad but they still do
It's an ok tablet because you need to have an Amazon account in order to download free apps
The protector was not made for the Fire 7 as it was to large and had no directions that were coherent. Worse purchase from Best Buy ever.
Difficult to purchase. No stock in 6 stores, no order online or ship to store available. When it did become available it did not work. Once it turned on, I couldn't get any further. I could not log onto wifi network, though other items in my household work. Also the product wouldnt move past setting up the clock. Tried 3 days, gave up and returned the item.
My first tablet was a Kindle. I was curious about the updated version. Very disappointed
Screen larger than phone. Visual better...........
I got it because it was smaller and lighter than the original kindle fire. It is not as easy to operate as the original kindle fire.
Gave it to my granddaughter and she loves it..I want to buy one for myself....
I wish it has some more of the apps from the play store some are just not there
The battery is having more and more trouble holding a charge. I bought the Fire in July and am now having to charge it every day in order to use it. I am not impressed and would not repurchase it.
I bought a Kindle Fire 16GB for my 6 year old son in June. After 4 months the charging port came loose and the device will not charge. Best Buy is aware of the issue and will do nothing about it. Amazon will not warranty their product for more than 90 days and they said the charging ports often break if children are using them! They have no options to fix the device and only offer a small discount if I buy a new one. Amazon does not stand behind this product. They are aware of the defect and continue to sell these.
Wasnt really impressed with the operating system. Was hoping it was more of android style. Not so much.
I bought this a first tablet. I'm disappointed in the battery life. I sort of expected better especially as I got hooked on online games.
I bought this product 4 months back. It is very slow, i can't open any app in 15 seconds. OS is different than others so we can't get normal apps easily. Only one thing i can say is slow slow slow performance. I don't know how to replace it. Need some help from best buy people.I don't know whether i got defective piece or this is the actual performance
Serves the purpose for which it was bought, ; I.e. Facebook
Kindle is good as long as it is plugged into a wall outlet. The battery lasts a mere 15 minutes as a portable unit. Not happy with this. Takes an hour to charge the battery to 100% yet drains in 15 minutes. There`s something mathematically wrong with this equation.
I ordered this online on black Friday, I live about 30 miles from nearest store and I saw the special on their website, so why not I thought. Came in yesterday. Maybe it's just because I'm not familiar with this product; I'm used to Android tablets that have you set up with your Google account. This one you set up with your Amazon account. OK, no big deal I thought, at first. Then I found it very difficult to install the free 6 month Webroot it came with. I went to Google Play as instructed, it says installed, but there is no Open button to click to continue the process, as instructed. When I contacted Amazon customer support, I was told I can't use Google Play on it and to use the app store instead. I was given a link for Webroot installation but it didn't help. I downloaded Google Chrome but can't find it on the device. No youtube, facebook, gmail apps; won't install. Again, maybe I'm just not used to the product but if I can't use Google apps on it, I won't like this. It's actually for my son and even though teens are often smarter than we adults when it comes to gadgets, LOL, I don't think he will like this either. So I'm returning this; hopefully can find an Android tablet I like (and affordable) at Best Buy.
This is not like other android tablets in a bad way.
Bought this for my toddler to watch his shows on netflix amazon and vudu. Vudu isnt compatable, netflix is so slow it kept buffering, so he got upset. Acording to its specs it has a faster processing system than my linsay tablet bit its five times slower atleast. Downloading anything takes forever. It was also very difficult to navigate.Over all waste of money
is a God tablet but the camera could be a little better
Bought it accidentally. Meant to get an 8 inch screen.
The sleek design and colors available for small kids is good. The tablet is a nice price and useful.
I do like the Fire Tablet - but I feel that if it is going to have a camera it should have been a better camera. The internet works but I find it takes a while to load. I have read a book on it but - I prefer to use my original paper white - that can be read in any lighting including outside. But for what it is and the price it was - its a good product.
Great purchase for a 9-year old girl. Easy way for peaceful long car rides.
Too bad Amazon turned this tablet into a big advertising tool. Many apps dont work and the camera is not good.
for 33 dollars its a great option. although it was a black friday special its perfect for kids especially considering the amount of damage it can handle!
Well not as good as I thought but works fine for my children.
It's a little slow, and the camera isn't the best, but for the price it's fine
Hard to use, Lots of ads, and Randomly closes apps
This does everything your smart phone does but with a larger screen for easier browsing and input.
This tablet overall is okay,there are few problems that i face with this tablet. Charging this tablet takes little longer than the average tabletSome of the application is not available through amazon store app
I bought this as a gift to my parents. The unfortunate part was that I was a little misinformed about the connectivity between the tablet and a chrome cast that I purchases as well as part of the gift. The tablet is not compatible with the table and that was a little disappointing. Other than that, it's an alright product.
Brought this for my 8 yr old son. He cannot put it down. Would recommend this product.
I was not a fan of the Amazon type operating system that is on the tablet. Ended up taking it back because it was not what I wanted, not as easy and supportive of games and apps as an Android tablet.
Nothing too special or complicated. Fills the need.
Worst product ever. Constantly screwing up and filled with ads you have to pay to remove. Best Buy refused to help when I wanted to return it
Purchased for my Father In Law - this was the most frustrating experience. Not user friendly - not friendly at all. Stick with a name brand tablet - Apple, Samsung, etc.. Avoid this device at all costs.
I enjoy all the features on the Fire 7 tablet!!!!!
My daughter has had this tablet for almost 2 months and it works well.
It is too heavy for its size! I purchased it to replace a larger Nook, and find that it weighs as much. Screen is attractive but it even with a good signal in public places, hanging on to Wifi is difficult. It is not efficient when downloading (buffering, buffering...) and I am still debating returning it for another tablet.
I purchased this since I bought my grandson this tablet for Christmas. The tablet is slow, considering price that's OK.I have problems with the charger, it won't charge when I am using the tablet, the charger needs to be plugged in and not moved for it to charge.For the price the tablet is OK.
The amazon tablet is priced amazingly. However, the tablet needs to be restarted constantly to find a WiFi connection.
Hi,I ordered this for my daughter who has an extensive liking of tablets. She didnt like it because of lack of google play services and she didnt have the patience to work with it. I knew that the os is only amazon specific but despite the apps that can be downloaded, she was disappointed. I returned it.If you are an avid amazon person, the tablet works great, if you want a google tablet, this isn't for you. I would recommend these for people that want a good decent tablet that they can read and use amazon apps on.
We purchased this tablet for our 5 y ear old since all the other kid-friendly tablets were limited it what they had on them. Something should be changed regarding the port for the charger. The little area with the small bar in it keeps bending to the point, 5 months later it broke off and of course the warranty has ended. I am over tablets. If you can buy it on black Friday for 25.00 bucks or less, it should be that price all year long. So now he has no tablet because I am not sending it out to have someone else's sent back to me..re-furbished. I am very disappointed.
Not as good as before the old kindle, just seams to work better
I don't recommend buying this. After 1 month of buying this, it won't charge or turn on.
Too proprietary, the apps my daughter liked I could not install on it for her so basically it was worthless for me and I returned it.
Very cheap and was not impressed at all never again
Decent somewhat slow. Netflix freezes up at times.
This tablet is a good kids tablet and or for prime users. Not a laptop replacement or for non amazon users
My 7-year old daughter saved up to by this. Her brother bought the 8GB about a year earlier, so new she needed more space. The OS is a bit clunky, and less intuitive then on higher priced tablets, but tough to beat the price. Speed isn't great for web or certain gaming apps, but fine for books. Parental controls are helpful, but take time to figure out and require more steps than seem necessary to change. Overall, OK first tablet for kids, considering the price. For adults, fine for e-books and VERY basic apps. Otherwise, best to pay up for better quality and OS efficiency.
Amazon fire is a good tablet if you like e-books. It's also nice to get a six-month subscription to the Washington Post. Their claim to have 16 gigabytes of storage is misleading because it only gives you 5 and then they want to charge you the same amount of money that you paid for the tablet for unlimited storage. Another problem is that you can't flag something as being inappropriate like you can on Samsung Galaxy tablets.
good for reading books. light, handy but not so much for browsing.
Not easy to navigate and download apps to the device
When I first bought it and got it started it wouldn't register my amazon account. I tried making a new account and I tried using my moms account but it would not work so I took it back and had geek squad look at it and they claimed it was defective and exchanged it for another one and the new one works wonderfully, haven't had any issues with it yet.
Good tablet for kids. Lots of appts to download for games
It's a good device for children because they don't know any better
Not happy at first as battery was totally dead when I got it. However, after charging, it's working ok
bought a few kindles in the past but this time one of it came defective. the port was bent and it was hard to charge but still possible. comes in 4 different color. was 16gb enough space for kids, has camera, ok quality not the best but ok for pics taken by kids
Not a substitute for an iPad, but a really good tablet for reading and minimal internet usage.
Just got this today and have been struggling with a few things. Set up itself was pretty easy right oit of the box. Had no idea I would not have access to Google Play Store. Beware, there is a much more limited selection of apps available for this device. Browsing is slow, even while in the same room with my modem. Much slower than my phone or my other tablet. Tumblr app, though able to be downloaded, malfunctions consistently. Will probably return this and get a more capable tablet, but will give it another couple of days to get used to it before doing so.
Returned it. it was a poor reader and clearly would not last..
I bought this as s present for my 65 year old grandma. She loves it. Very easy to operate. No issues
Loved my husbands 4th generation disappointed in my 5th generation. 4th generation has 2 speakers and sound is much louder than the current 5th generation. I purchased this expecting the same quality in sound, or better, since I use the kindle to watch my TV shows.
Great for first time tablet, but more advanced options available
Bought this tablet for 8 year old. It holding up good & she loves it. She enjoys playimg her games & being able to get on the internet.
Overall it is a good tablet, but I am not a fan of the limitations of the silk browser and Amazon app store.
This tablet is sufficient for secondary use. At times searches are slow and memory is limited.
I only bought this as a travel companion when I fly. It was cheap and functional.
I can't update Facebook and a few other apps. It's not what I expected.
I bought 2 of the Amazon Fire tablets because the sales guy said that they were great and ran really fast. I have very fast internet and this thing just barely chugs along. If you play a game, it constantly stalls and freezes. The sound quality when I play music is terrible. I was planning on buying one for each of my 9 nieces and nephews if they ran well but now I know that wouldn't work for them because they are horrible.
I do not like this Tablet one bit. It has to be registered with Amazon for it to function and it failed every time. I finally had to resort to calling Amazon's customer service, also not an easy task, to get it registered. There seems to be glitch in the programming, because when it failed again, I had to follow the same steps all over again to get it registered. I would highly recommend skipping this tablet and getting one that is not tied to any one company's operations, programming, or software.
It's great for beginners, like children, but very limiting for me. I can't use many apps because it doesn't allow me to use the Google play store.
I I thought the buy For my child bc the kids mode but it was very poor
I purchased this tablet a week ago as a gift for my brother and it has restarted itself over ten times and has shut off while someone was on in on different occasions Will be getting my money back and getting a samsung..
Can't really give a full review since the Kindle Fire seemed to work properly, however, the security, Webroot Anywhere, that was included was impossible to install. I tried calling Geek Squad 4 times for support and was disconnected EVERY time. I finally went to store for instructions which they printed off but still would not download. I've ended up buying an iPad which is fantastic and would not buy again from BestBuy.
I like the size of this tablet. I have small hands and it fits. Needs to have a cover a little slippery. Easier to handle than my iPad
I was hoping to find something universal to as a tablet but you get what you pay for.
The tablet works great when the battery is charged. The problem we have is the provided charging cable connector does not seat well into the tablet's micro USB port and does not have a solid electrical connection. Therefore, most of the time the tablet sits useless with a dead battery.
Personally I'd say buy the newer 6 inch fire. But you do get more for your money getting the older one.
No instructions. Either paper or electronic. How do I transfer apps & data from old kindle to new one 9
Amazon fire is a good tablet if you like e-books. It's also nice to get a six-month subscription to the Washington Post. Their claim to have 16 gigabytes of storage is misleading because it only gives you 5 and then they want to charge you the same amount of money that you paid for the tablet for unlimited storage.  Another problem is that you can't flag something as being inappropriate like you can on Samsung Galaxy tablets.
Overall it's a nice looking cover and does it's job well. It's simple, elegant and slick. When I say slick, I don't necessarily mean cleverly devised, I mean slippery. The smooth leather provides next to no grip on the cover. I have a tendency to hold things lightly, so I can just imagine this repeatedly slipping out of my hand. Sure it doesn't have a band/clasp/etc to keep it closed, but neither did Kindle 2's cover, and neither does nearly every book ever published.It's too expensive. I don't understand why Amazon is charging so much considering they'll be offering another cover with additional functionality for half the price (AmazonBasics Leather Folio Cover with Multi-Angle Adjustable Stand for Kindle Touch, Kindle (Black)). What the heckPros:PrettyFunctionalCons:SlipperyExpensive
I don't want to get too negative on this, because it does what it's supposed to. However, I'm not sure how Amazon justifies charging 40! Half that and I'd feel a lot less disappointed. It's nothing like the last generation cover, which was hefty and substantial. That thing could take a beating! This one Umm...not so much.PROS:- I really like the solution Amazon came up with to lock the Kindle in place sort of a rubberized cup that grips it on all four sides and holds it VERY securely. No more metal-prong slide-release gizmo.- It looks quite nice and is genuine (if untextured) leather like the last one.CONS:- Flimsy. The leather is extremely thin and unpadded. Won't stand up to much abuse. scrape it even lightly on a rough surface and you'll likely ruin it.- The actual cover that folds over the front is incredibly floppy and delicate -- it's about the thickness of a piece of notepad cardboard. I could bend it in half with almost no effort, if I had the notion.- Cover has no lock/closure mechanism (like the elastic strap on the last gen model). It should have SOMETHING.Oh, well. It is what it is. I never read with the Kindle in the case anyway so it's not such a big deal to me, but I was expecting more. Especially for this price!
The Touch cover from Amazon has some good and some bad properties.On the good side, it's very light: at 4 oz it is noticeably lighter than the previous generation of covers. My Kindle Touch fits in very snugly with no wasted space.On the negative side, it looks and feels rather plasticky. I ordered the plain black version and the front and back outer covers are a shiny black leather. At first I thought the back exterior was simply black plastic, and it took a close examination to realize it is the same leather as the front cover. The front inner cover is a soft felt. The inner body where the Kindle sits is plastic. There is no fastener or band to hold the cover closed.This is my fourth Kindle and cover. The Touch cover looks much more like a gadget cover than the earlier ones. It looks rather like an old Palm PDA cover I had, or like some ipod covers. The previous Kindle covers had a textured leather appearance and they looked more like book or notebook covers.Right now I am having rather mixed reactions. I definitely like the fact that it adds so little weight to the Kindle. However it does look rather cheap. For 40 I was expecting a little more.I think I am going to have to use this for a while before reaching a final conclusion.Update November 29th: Tastes will vary, but in the end I decided that this was not the right look or feel for me and I have switched to a different cover (the Splash SAFARI). That is similar to the old Kindle 3 cover, with a textured leather appearance and an elastic fastener strap.
This is a good tablet for children and adults too. However there is an issue with the port and charger cable. We did not even have this tablet 3 weeks before it would barley charge. Took it back to best buy and they said they could not fox it, and imagine the port is not covered under the manufacturer warranty. So now I have a tablet that takes a couple days to charge. Its really frustrating.
Not a lot of memory, dies fast. Great games........
This was easy to setup and easy to hand over to my 4 yr old. She loves the different games and apps that are available to her.
The charging plugs on these kindle damage way to easy. I am very disappointed as this is not the first time this has happened to one of my kindles.
At first I wanted to return this product, I bought it for my 2 yr old. I decided to keep it bc my husband liked it and of course my daughter likes it. I dnt like the fact you cant use the audible app on the kids version. I also bought it so my daughter could be independent, as far as the books none of them are read aloud. She came maneuver the games and movies tho. Its an ok product tho, I love Amazon. My daughter still likes my Samsung Tab better. Would recommend for older kids.
Overall I wasn't too impressed with his tablet. Actually returned it for an iPad mini bc my kid like it better and it was easier to use.
These are great tablets for the kids and the price is wonderful with the warranty and the soft, yet bulky (a good thing in this instance) case. The only thing I wish, was that it could access the Google Play Store so my kids could watch the movies we have in our Google Play Movies account.
returning for a replacement. It got wet and quite working for a child's device it should be better made.
Good for alittle ones for games and movies picture not so clear but not expensive
Son loves it........................................
So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all
So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all...
The reviews on this on Amazon seemed awesome. Little did I know that there is a chronic problem with the port on these tablets. We just bought this for Christmas and went to charge it for the first time. Nothing. We already loaded (and paid for) several apps, and now we're out that money. Also the charging cord that came with it appears it has been used before - there's some wear at the edge of it. So I went online to see if I could find this issue and there it is - everywhere. This is a problem that has been around for years, but Android - who is the ultimate culprit, has failed to fix it at the source. When you plug in the charger, there's no 'click' so you know it's in place. It just slides in and out. We've had Apple products for several years and never had an issue, then the first Droid product we purchase can't even be charged from the beginning. This will be going back to BestBuy - and will buy another iPad Mini - costs more, but is much much more reliable.
I'm a big fan of Amazon and their products, but this tablet is just ok. The build quality is great and the image is very good, but the software is mediocre at best. Worth the price.
It takes forever to download apps. I'm returning it will be getting something else.
I did read about the game prior to buying it but so far the game is only half decent. Too much of the same thing.
Battery doesn't last the up to 7 hours estimate. Didn't even last 4 hours one day. Watches video mostly but should last longer than that.
Seemed to be fine as Chtistmas gift for granddaughter. However, today she reported that it wouldn't turn on or charge today. Supposed to have two year unconditional guarantee. Don't know where to take it.
I purchased this for my 4 year old to play. It was not as user friendly as described and VERY slow. It keeps pausing and freezing up, which is frustrating for anyone using it. I was told that I would receive 20 off of the prime subscription, however, that was not offered when registering this product. It may be good for some, but it was not a good fit for us.
I love these Tablets, but the charging ports aren't the best. I bought 3 for Christmas and my kids take excellent care of them. I also do NOT them touch the tablets while they are charging. They have only had their tablets since Christmas day and they won't charge. I highly recommend getting the protection warranty for this item.
I'll give it 3 starts because it's a decent tablet. But if the screen messes up when I'm trying to use it i can't imagine how my granddaughter feels.
Not able to play youtube that's what my daughter likes.
Needs to be more simpler. parental contorl still need to be better
I have to say this was not that great a purchase and we will most likely be taking advantage of it's greatest product feature, which is the ability to return it for a full refund. We wanted a smaller tablet for our kids, well this is smaller in every way, options are limited and we have realized that we are better off just letting the kids use our tablet so we can buy the newest one. This thing may go back to the store as soon as tonight.
This is the 2nd one I have bought. The first one went out before the 1 year. I contacted Amazon and the warranty for these was only 90 days. It is a good tablet for kids, but if you are looking for something long term. I would spend the extra $$ for at least something that has a 1 year limited warranty.
I bought this tablet for my son and I don't like it. The touch screen is very poor quality. It's hard to move things around on it when he is playing a game. He prefers my iPad than to use his own. I know the iPad quality is probably the best quality but it's way under that! Very frustrating. Will be returning it.
My toddler did not like this tablet. It was a bit slow for her. Instead, she preferred an iPad over the Kindle Kids version.
Only good for kids and games. Battery life is good.
It was ok. You need Internet. The SDmini is a hassle.
Not sure why, but it kept freezing and ended up having to return it. Very disappointing
I have a few issues with this tablet. Mainly the fact that I can't get Google services on it, not even YouTube. Aside from that, the biggest downfall is the charging. The port is very loose and comes undone easily and the charge doesn't hold for very long.
Tablet is great. I am trying to get my daughter use to the kindle. We started her at 10 months on an Ipad and thought it would be easier to get one her own tablet now that she is almost 2. Not so, she is struggling to navigate in the kindle. I am not able to transfer her games and movies.
I am disappointed that this is not more toddler friendly. It is a kindle inside a kid proof case. You have to set up child locks, etc. My biggest complaint is most of the games that are available you have to be connected to the internet. I wanted something to take to church, in the car, etc.
Picture quality is not good. I don't like this product
This is just a regular fire tablet that has protective case.
It's ok but I rather have bought Samsung Galaxy Tab
You can not block Bing and it shows "trending now" News content. This can not be deleted or blocked. It also types ahead and adds content.
Christmas gift for 8 yr. Ended up returning. too slow and not enough content for our 8 yr old. Kids....... Great 2yr protection tho
I bought this for my 2-year old. She liked it for the first few days and then she went back to playing with my ipad. If I hadn't already introduce her to the ipad, I think she would have been fine with this.
Perfect for that age group that I bought it for she 10and loves it.
Good for little kids, it runs a little slow though
Works fine on wifi, otherwise a little slow. My kid enjoys it though. For the price it's good.
This looked easy, but hard to setup if no experience with other than Apple products
The touch and loading the content is very bad, it doesn't respond quickly and it very slow
It's nice to have parental controls, but app grouping and bugs with apps hurts the experience. Parents will still need to look over child's shoulder to ensure games/apps are appropriate. Battery life is absolutely terrible.
Thought this would be perfect for my two children. The case, warranty and pass to download unlimited apps seemed great. However, the pad is sometimes unresponsive and inaccurate-which can be frustrating for children. The case is a little too bulky. And it can be confusing for children who want to push an icon to play but it instead downloads. There is a definite learning curve that they will overcome in time but it could be more user friendly for younger users.
I absolutely love how u. An switch from dif accounts
My 4yr old was able to operate it flawlessly. The included case works its magic to keep the tablet from any accidental screen cracks.
Touch response is not so good. so my kid refused to play games on this.Returned this product. Thanks to Bestbuy for the full refund
The tablet is for my son who is 2. That being said I noticed blotches on the screen. Never returned it due to it not making a difference to my son. I will have to upgrade him in question few years anyway. The bumper is amazing.
I bought 2 Amazon Kid's Fire Tablets for my two grandsons for Christmas. Included in the purchase of the A.K.F. Tablets is a one year subscription to KID's Free Time.I have called & emailed inquiring about the registration process in order for my daughter to activate & begin using the free one year subscription of KID's FREE TIME, & still no resolution.Upon trying to register tablets, credit card used to purchase is required. I do not understand why my credit card needs to be submitted in order to obtain/activate a service that is included in the already PREPAID Purchase!I have been waiting for a response since Christmas.Therefore, at this time, I would have to give a 2 star rating due to the lack of customer service available for this product. With hope of getting this issue resolved I would still recommend to a friend.
Was looking for a tablet for my young daughter. This was on sale and had good reviews. After consulting with the sales associate with some questions, I decided to purchase item. Nice looking product, however, very little storage space.... after downloading a few apps... the storage was full and was required to buy more! Also, cannot play videos unless hooked up to wifi. Unlike the sales associate told me. Very disappointing!!! Would not recommend!
So slow returning mine for something different any suggestions
Good tablet. Easy to use for 5 yr. Not as many free stuff as expected. Have to pay for most games, movies and books.
Slow processor equates to slow internet browsing. User I nterface is ok. Really wish it had the capability to lock onto the movie screen while my toddler watches movies. Next time I'll just spend the additional money on an iPad mini for my kids.
The tablet could be great for my 4 year old daughter if it worked properly. As of right now I need to return it to see if a new one will work. There are black and grey lines across the screen most of the time. It will not go to the home screen so my daughter can play on it. I am hoping a new one will not be faulty.
I was hoping he would not want to put it down, like the other tablet he had (sprout chubby )But he stills wants my phone.
Good tablet to take for my child to play on when out to dinner. Keeps him busy.
I got 2 of this for kids 5 and 3 it is a pretty good tablet, easy to navigate for the children but (and this is on me for not researching) but kid content is only free for a year, after that you gotta pay a monthly fee which is cheaper if you are a prime member, but still...Now reason why I'm about to return them! You CANNOT get YouTube kids at all! No google apps. You can get some YouTube kids clones on the adult profile and add them to the kid's profile but they stink. They're full of commercials.So I wasn't expecting this tablet to be like an iPad but this is a deal breaker for me.
Wish it was easier to understand set up so children don't accidently charge to my account.
Everything is locked out to Amazon, no compatibility with the Google Play Store and a lot of games the children play are on the Play Store. This product is bad because it is locked into only Amazon services.
I bought it and wrapped it up immediately. So I couldn't say either way if it was good or not.
Bought this for my daughter(3) and she can't even use it because it is NOT kid friendly. It is so incredibly slow!! It freezes often and does not seem to work without wifi like it is supposed to. Also was supposed to come with a year free of Amazon free time and we have been charged for it every month !( it requires you to put a card number in before initial use. ) Keep calling Amazon and the foreign people can't seem to figure out the problem. Don't buy!
Cumbersome, complicated and not kid friendly..... went with Apple, suggesting you do too.
I bought 2 of these tablets for my two youngest children. They had a lot of options to chose from as far as children apps go, but they were already familiar with the iPad since they stole mine all the time. Lol. That made it hard for them as well as myself to figure out how to use at first. Besides that, it's a good product.
This is one of the perfect tab for kids, I bought it for my niece and she loved it.
A few problems with games loading but over all good
Good features for kids, but definitely not enough storage. You'll need to get an SD card and set things to download to that or it will freeze and stop working.
When i purchased 2 if them i assumwd it would be kid friendly. Its fill with tons of bloat wear. The opening screen has about 15 -20 apps. It worse than a normal adult tablet. my kids dont use it at all because we have to unlock it for them everytime then open the kids app. Then we have to hover over them to help them ever step of the way.
I purchased 2 of these as Christmas gifts for our niece and nephew. We decided to unbox them and charge them up to be ready for Christmas day. After opening them, discovered they will not allow you to install any free apps or use them for much unless registered with an Amazon account and credit or gift card. I had absolutely no interest in giving a 4 and 7 year old access to one click shopping on my account so we returned these for android type kids tablets. There may be some way around this restriction, but I didn't find it.
I would would not recommend this for a child. It's not kid friendly at all. I have purchased 4 of them for my grandson and nephews and 3 was was damaged within a couple months. I think this product is is a better fit for adults.
This is going to be a Christmas gift for my granddaughter so we don't know how good it is yet but we where going to put so games on it so it is ready to go and we couldn't because you have to have a amazon account to do anything with it.
I received an email asking if I would like to give my review and I am glad that I did. I purchased this less than 2 months ago and it has already quit working. It will not charge and it will no longer power on. All I have is a black screen. When it did work, it dropped internet quite frequently and froze several times during use. I would not recommend this product.
Hard time getting the free apps to load and the voice app to turn off when my seven year old accedently turned it on.
There's not much difference in the regular Kindle. Wait till it goes on sale.
We found there to be too many pop up ads and returned it.
The tablet itself works fine but this is the 2nd one I have gotten with a similar problem. The port seems to come defected. The charger doesn't stay in and it takes a long time to charge. Replaced charger with a brand new one and it still has issues.
Got this for my 8yo daughter. A lot of the times it doesn't work, I have to restart it a lot, and it only has 3 apps that I added on it. It came with way too many pre-loaded apps, and the most annoying thing is that the kids profile is permanently horizontal. Not really worth the money for me, but at least she's playing her Inside Out bubble game on her own tablet instead of my IPad.
I would recommend this tablet for an older child. Maybe 7 and up.
Downloaded movies for my son to watch and the audio is terrible, you could barely hear it so I returned it
it was great for reading but the lag time for loading videos was a little bit longer than an iPad
Hard to connect to the internet. Extremely slow to load apps. Not many free apps like apple. The only thing I really like is the protection it offers.
I love this tablet and the games. But battery sucks. It goes dead really fast and it freezes up a lot.
Limited activities for my son to surf the web and do the things he likes to do!
Prob good for price but to many bugs. Freezes up often and games don't always load
this item is not good ok ...no use for my kids ,,,
I was completely under the impression that this tablet was child friendly but there are no built in restrictions so my son was able to purchase numerous apps and movies. My son usually uses my wife's ipad so I thought this tablet would be a good replacement but the interface is geared towards adults not a young child. If you buy this tablet, IMMEDIATELY change the settings to require a PIN to make purchases.I think the age recommendation should be 5+ not 3+.
Kids will love this tablet, has a camera and kids can make movies with it. Wonderful for a child with a good imagination
It was too slow he didn't put any attention to it. Battery didn't last.
After owning the kids Samsung, this seems confusing to navigate. Also they have returned to using the Samaumg
I bought this Kindle for my 7 year old grand-daughter. I bought a warranty for it. I bought it in August, I have already had to replace it. The charger connection got loose and was not charging. Well, it has happened again. I will need to exchange it again. The problem is that I have to buy the warranty each time. I was going to buy one for her brothers and sister, but I am now rethinking that.
I bought this for my 8year old son, he loves it just has very limited games on it
You get what you pay for. Playtime works when it wants to. Went on a long trip and the videos we downloaded had issues playing most of the time. My son is almost 2. He gets bored of it quickly. The pros are the price and it is well protected externally.
This product works, but works slow compared to Apple and some Android phones/tablets. Like I stated in my summary... you pay for what you get. No major issues thus far.
Wish it was a bit faster loading and browsing, but functions as you would expect for kid friendly product. I would spend the extra money next time for a tablet designed for adults but had strong parental controls
You get what you pay for Was not to happy but for a 3 year old it's ok
You get what you pay for Was not to happy but for a 2 year old it's ok
I bought this for my two year old grandson but the restrictions were too much.
Battery dies after an hour...should last longer for the money. Will not bold charge.
I like the ipad its very helpful my son has learned alot and i hope that it will help other kids too as they prepare for pre k
After buying this tablet for my grandchildren I was going through the initial setup procedure.That's where I was surprised to learn that after using this tablet for a year I would be charged fees to continue with the selected programs I used for a year.Time to take it back to the store. No hidden fees.
It was working great then all of a sudden it wouldnt come on
I cannot believe i bought this junk. It's always in freezing mode and i have to reboot it multiple times within a given hour. None of the apps work properly. I have tried to update the op. system, but that didnt help.
Super slow, not of decent quality.I would not buy another. Memory on it is lacking for 8 gig. I will not recommend it to anyone
I purchased 2 others for my 5 & 6yr-olds, and my 3yr-old niece enjoyed playing theirs so much I then bought this one for her. The included 1yr subscription to free-time is awsome for the kids! Parental controls are great, and included apps are helpful.The lower rating is because the charging port was extremely loose, as the cord falls out ALL the time! Very Frustrating!
There is nothing spectacular about this item but also nothing majorly wrong with it. The biggest flaw is that this is geared to kids and there is no way that I have found searching settings or online to lock the touch screen so that a video keeps playing if the child hits the screen. This means lots of times helping get back into the movie or show rather than just relaxing like an iPad can do with guided access activated.
The layout of the tablet is good. Internet is terrible.
My 5 year old dropped this from a standing position (about a foot off the ground) and it busted. I had to use the BB warranty to replace it the day after purchase for a fall that the tablet should've been able to handle that is designed for kids. I'm happy with the apps, but definitely not thrilled with the lack of protection that is designed for kids.
I didn't find it useful for my 4yr old daugter so i returned it the other day.All the games in it r so kiddy games.
Great beginner tablet for kids I would recommend it
I have 3 autistic kids and is great cause they can be rough .
did not power up...at all. I am so happy that my grand-niece wasn't here and doesn't know about this yet, she would have been crying.
The screen breaks way to easy it drop one time broke
I am happy so far with this tablet. It offers great protection for use with kids but is a little pricey for the lackluster performance. Great for kids.
Slow performance and charging port very low poor quality it gets frozen most of the times
Very slow performance and sometimes applications freeze up and don't work very well , charging port very low quality
This product is not user friendly much less kid friendly. Took them back for samsungs.
Very difficult to connect to You Tube. Very frustrating
Bought it for my 5 yr old daughter and for some reason it did not work. This is the second time I've purchased this and had to return it. So I will get her a mini iPad. Never again will I waste my time and money.
I bought this for my daughter. It was bundled with a solid bumper case and has a kid mode interface. She insisted on using her brother's iPad constantly. Not to say there is anything wrong with this product, it just wasn't for her.
My daughter lovethis tablet.. only problem is it cant connect to my home wifi which is verizon
The tablet itself was nice, but the screen was to small for books, videos, and minecraft.
it has great durability, but lacks great sound. The picture quality is just ok
7 year old boy broke it in less than 2 months even with the bumper guard on. Won't power up. When it WAS working, very limited on storage. Ran out of space in 1 hour, so the wifi wouldn't work. Had go in and explain to him he couldn't download more than a hand full of apps at a time. Doesn't matter now since it won't even turn on or charge.
I baught 2 for my kids, and figured that with the cover the the one year of freetime which includes all the videos, apps and games then it makes sense. I baught this one as a gift for a kid overseas, and all the content is not playing, when I contacted amazon, they said it's not for overseas, although I asked in Best Buy before I buy it and they assured me it works everywhere. It's totally overpriced for a tablet that doesn't play anything! Best Buy should know and let customers know specially when u ask specifically!
Right after we bought it the charging port broke but it was very easy to get the tablet replaced and shipped to our house. It's not very operations friendly and comes with very little instruction.
It would not turn on or charge. We have to return it to Kindle.
I purchase this tablet for my son and it was very disappointing on the 3 exchanges I had to do. First the charger was not working, second the free time was not connecting and third exchange it was freezing. So many good reviews for this tablet but it did not work for me.
Great for the kids but not much space for all the apps they want.
The tablet is pretty good, I would give it 5 stars if you are able to download an use apps from the Google store, that is one of my only big complaint. And also how fast the SD card got filled with items from Amazon OS that's on the tablet without the user knowing. On the other hand, With four kids using tablets as reward time it helps the kids free time is awesome it useful
Its a nice little set up but it's slow. I wish I would have investigated them a little more before just jumping in.
Great case ok tablet no Android play store. Weak micro usb port. It's isn't an straight out the box tablet. Had to install Android play store on it. And as far as the charging port goes I'm on my 3rd one but best buy are the best with their return policy...
Grandson became board with what it offers. Plug wears out fast
This product wouldn't turn on nor charge and then store couldn't locate another one for me.
Got this for my 9 year old and several games that he wants to play are not accessible on this tablet. Seems like this is geared more towards younger kids. Case is good though and keeps tablet safe. Would be tough to break!!
This makes for a decent tablet for a kid with the kids edition, but I'm not sure I'd want it as an adult. There are much better tablets on the market. But since it's cheap, that's to be expected.
I purchased this item for my 7yr old daughter. We like it but we can't get the pictures of the apps to show
This tablet is OK, sometimes it's kind of slow. Loads for a while before opening app. Storage has been good. 32 GB. I gave my son the freedom to download any game he wanted on prime time. And after 2 months he still has like 3gb left of space. Not recommend for kids over 10 years old. My son is 4 and sometimes he gets mad because tablet gets slow. Still good deal for 32gb, 1 year primetime for $80
It's a good piece of technology it's just not connecting to the wifi
I bought this for 3 year old to replace an older Ipad. it was functional but no where near level of ipad. This is understandable based on price difference/ I returned to store.
This tablet is grrrrrrreeeeeeeeaaaaaattttttt for the children!
This device is a good if you are looking for a starter tablet for a young individual.
A good starter tablet, but very very slow. Don't expect and I Pad savy child to enjoy this. But for a true beginner it would be fine.
Would not take a charge, good thing i tried before wrapping it for Christmas.
I didon't care for this tablet, downloading apps outside of Amazon was really confusing.
Maybe I had higher expectationin general i will not recommend since the service of Amazon solving situations is not as good as in other products, I've had so much troubles with the amazon free time, I am even not longer using it (it was one of the "big" features on the advertisment. I will recommend to look for other alternatives before to take a decision on buying this product
When this item is charged it works great, but it takes too long to charge. Asking my 3 year old to wait about 3 hours (no exaggerating) is a bit much. We have tried to buy a new charger and it still takes just as long. My niece has this same tablet and it take about 45 minutes to charge once it is fully dead
volume is a problem we have to take off the protective case for it to sound clear.
Thought this came without special offers, the staff told me it didn't. Amazon had a sale on this when I bought it, and I thought I was just getting the same deal, but I had to pay $20 later to get rid of the ads
I bought this product for traveling for its light weight and paper like reading. It was fine with e-books, but I had some PDF file I wanted to read on it. I could load the PDFs, but hard to read. No font enlargable for PDFs. Plus, the screen is not very responsive as screens in tablets. I ended up return it.
Reading a book, it's great. Working with PDF files, not so great. Also please be aware that Amazon Customer Service will treat you like a pariah because you purchased this Kindle from Best Buy instead of directly through their store.
Love this kindle as its light, user friendly and great purchase
I am really disappointed in this Kindle....I have had many kindles, but I wanted somwthing I thoughtnwould be simple. This kindle doesn't show all my books that are in my cloud..it doesn't matter that they aren't in my device but they should still show up in my cloud...I have to go to my amazon account and transfer the book I want to my device.
I set it up but haven't used it yet. Not clear how to download books but I plan to learn that this weekend.
After using IPAD, it is weird to see flickers while reading on a small screen. However, it was recommended by a friend of mine who thinks it is easy on eyes. Battery lasts long and you can download work related pdfs to read later. (my main purpose to buy was to read docs offline) Redundant if you have kindle on ipad/other tabs.
Paper white does not allow you do use books from the library as you cannot load apps. Only books from Amazon are available to read.
I purchased this as a gift for my daughter and she loves it. Easy to read and stores all of her books. My only complaint is that it feels slow and sluggish when transitioning from one screen tk the next. Even turning the page feels slow. Not sure if it has a setting to change this but its a noticeable difference between this device and the kindle fire both with out of the bix settings. My daughter doesn't mind it and prefers the screen on the paperwhite for reading. Battery life is fantastic, its so good you can go on a weekend trip and leave the charger at home.
Tried to use it for and it's does not work as ebookWhich is why I am not satisfied ..
Our daughter loves the size and portability of the product. Her iPad died and she uses her Mac book for school so this was a great choice for her to read books on.
Not a big reader but gave it to someone that is. She is happy so I think that should make me happy.time will tell
This was a replacement for my son who's original kindle broke. He likes it a lot. Just wish we could figure out how to get all the old content we had bought from the old one into the new one.
I purchased 3 (2 as gifts) recently believing all prior purchases would be compatible with the Paperwhite. I was highly disappointed to learn that interactive solitaire and word games I played on the old Kindle Touch were lost.
Excellent product nysecond one will but again love read
The best reader out there - however don't expect to use this tablet for its web browser function - looks strange seeing "paper" versions of websites as the paper white feature cannot be turned off.
Have been using a tablet and find the Kindle harder to navigate.
I wanted to like this a lot because my Ipad Mini is "heavy" to carry in my purse all the time. This is so very light. BUT they make you jump through hoops to get rid of all the advertising on the device AND when you buy it at Best Buy you are not given a choice to "spend an extra 20 on a 119 dollar "book" or put up with their ads". I had to go through being on hold FOREVER to get someone to help get this off my device so that was an IMMEDIATE turn-off. I don't find it to page-turn handle as well as my OLD ORIGINAL NOOK OR NOOK COLOR and certainly not anything like the Ipad Mini. If I hadnt kept it too long to return I would have. It doesn't auto correct to landscape then portrate, nope you have to MANUALLY CHOOSE ONE OR THE OTHER AND GOING BACK AND FORTH IS just stupid...it should have been part of the IMPROVED design, THEY REALLY MISSED THE MARK FOR THE PRICE. i CAN GET A FULL TABLET FOR LESS MONEY THAT DOES ALL THAT AND SIMPLY USE THE KINDLE APPPROSLight weightSmall for purseback lightCONS1-comes preloaded with ads2-not easy to get them off if you buy device in a store3-page control is not that simple4-t doesn't auto turn from landscape to portrate you have to set it to one OR the other5-not as touch responsive to anything6-don't like the organization of it
The recharging port is not working consistently. I have tried other cables, so I know it's not the cable. Otherwise it works fine. I am looking forward to not having to charge it but once a week.
Very nice eReader - a big step up from the basic reader that I started with.
There have been a few minor changes included in this new Kindle that I don't particularly like.Opening page is slightly confusing.
This reader is purely for the person that simply wants an e-book reader, and very little else.
I wanted a Kindle with a light feature for reading in bed at night. Had I done my homework, I would have purchased a Kindle with more bells and whistles.
It does what it is supposed to do. I wanted access to the internet to download books and didn't realize it would not do this feature. I would onIy recommend if a person only wants to read books from Amazon.
I usually read in bed and found this reader to be too heavy and bulky. I originally didn't want to pay the higher price for the Voyage but I exchanged this one for the Voyage and I am much happier with it.
It's more for people that want to read without glare
I got it to store all my college books without checking to see if they would even be compatible. They weren't. It's my fault for not checking this. The three star rating is because you can buy a good tablet for less and use the kindle app. Which is what I did. I can now read my books and have a fully functional tablet.
I didn't find the e-reader easy to navigate and actually found it confusing. I have an older model and that one is easier to navigate. The new one was skipping pages sometimes also.
I purchased this ereader because it stated you could get library booksvia USB cord (and Wifi if you are near one). I do not have Wifi andthe USB would not transfer. Tried everything, neighbor tried, readinstructions, viewed YouTube. But it wouldn't work. Took it back but it was beyond 15 days and they would only give me credit. I then upgraded to Wifi 3g and that better work for the extra money. Very disappointed as I felt I had no other choice.
I had a lower end kindle for years. When that broke, I decide to buy the higher end one that is backlit. The back litghting is nice for reading at night. But the touch features are too jumpy--it jumps pages instead of just turning to the next one. It is cumbersome to buy through amazon and difficult to see the list of what you have. I don't know if I'd buy this one over the lowest end one again.
It should be easier.to print off highlights and have a choice not.to have every location and other stuff printing with every highlight.It should be easier to erase "All" highlights.Regular book numbers should correlate with location.Easier.to.forward.through chapters.
The Kindle Paper white is excellent for reading; however: 1. Product needs to be able to shut OFF! Very unhappy about this. Advertising says will hold charge for weeks - not so, when Kindle paperwhite cannot be shut down. It only holds a charge for a few days, if you read for a couple of hours each day. 2. I have books that I do not intend to read often and want them left in the cloud. I am finding it very close to impossible to return any of my books to the cloud - IT SHOULD BE EASIER!! Amazon made it easy to change Kindle's when I purchased a new one. All Kindle's should be user friendly. Sadly, this is not the case, with the Paperwhite.
Pros: The E-Ink display is easy on the eyes, very sharp. Great battery life.Cons: Dependant on Amazon's Infrastructure to manage. Because of that limitation I give it 3 stars.
The paperwhite was excellent at first but just yesterday (Feb. 22), less than 2 months since I purchased it, it froze and nothing I do will work. I am taking it back to Best Buy and hope they can fix it.
I bought this for travel so I can read as much as I can without bartering and carrying books. It's easy to read but the size doesn't work for me. I have to hold it with two hands. I was hoping I could hold it in one. In retrospect I would get the Amazon Fire instead.
Easy to read,very sensitive to touch. Still can't figure out how to get a new book onto the device. The on/off button is tiny which presents a problem as l have long nails. Too technical for a "book"
This edition does not have backlighting which is a big deal!!! If you like reading in bed or indoors without needing to use external lighting, you should not get this version! Get one of the newer editions! If you only read in well lit areas, then go for this one! Kindle is fantastic and I love my white lightweight long lasting kindle with the option to use background light.
The Version with the light is the way to go. A case is a must the screen can easily be scratched. over works as intended
I like the kindle it is light and easy too sue battery life is good.
You will find detailed reviews of kindle paper white online. I will cover some other general observations,If you send a pdf to your kindle email , it will sync it to your kindle. But the fonts appear small when you open it in kindle paper white and the menu option did not allow me to change font size. You have to convert the pdf to be able to adjust font size.You will be able to convert your existing pdfs by sending a email with "Convert" in subject line and including the attachment and sending it to your kindle email (refer to amazon settings for finding out your kindle email). However it may lose the tables or other code diagrams from the original pdf so that is a pain (varies from pdf to pdf). Also if you are used to ios or android, the page turns are not the same like flipping. when you tap or perform a page flip,It will blink for a sec and refresh the page to move to next page. I found this a little annoying but it works. if you buy a book online then that might be a better option as it will let you read the formatted content correctly.Battery usage is fantastic.Another positive is that the inbuilt lights are not glaring in the dark so you will find reading to be a pleasant experience. They have settings to adjust brightness as well.
It's nice & cool but it responds extremely slow. Compared to modern tablets & phones kindle is just too slow. My expectation would be to make it faster even if I have to charge it often that would be ok, secondly there should be a Home button & back button on the body of kindle.
I would opt for an iPad rather than the Kindle just because of the ease of researching books by authors etc. the only advantage of the Kindle is the attractive comparative price.
No access to the Internet.........Won't recommend!
I have yet to figure out what page of the book I am on. Don't really care what percent of a book is left or that I have 5 minutes left in a chapter. After using a Nook for many years this is cumbersome. Good news: way easier to get library books on this.
I still haven't been able to figures out my kindle, it seems like it has very cool features but learning slowly how to take take full advantage of it.
A reader, but the processor is not fast, react slowly
The earlier models were so simple to use. No nonsense listing of books in it's library, by author or title. Now there are big pictures with tiny lettering and lots of ads.
It's an OK product. Nothing special. Not on the cutting edge of technology
I've had every Kindle e-reader available. Though it doesn't have all the features available on the Voyage, the Paperwhite is the best. The issue I've had are the emergence of tiny light "leaks" emerging from the source through the matte textured page background. They're little pinhole-sized, bright light scattered across the page. It usually begins with just one, or two, and becomes several over time. It's distracting to reading. In a conventional book, it would be like having a small speck of dirt on the page. If these little things don't bother you, then it's not an issue. The Paperwhite models don't seem to have this problem as often as the Voyage does. I went through 3 Voyage models before surrendering and returning to the Paperwhite. The Paperwhite has fewer total lights, so it's not as evenly lit as the Voyage, however, it's nothing significant.
I like it small lightweight easy to see wifi capabilities
Let me set the stage for this review: I joined a book club this year and have started reading a lot... or at least what I would consider to be a lot, which is about 2 decently-long books a month.Up until buying the Paperwhite, I was doing most of my reading on my iPhone using the Kindle app. Long story short, I ended up returning the Paperwhite after about 2 weeks. Why? Because I realized just how sporadic my reading was. I read when I'm out and about, waiting at a doctor's office, or in-line at a restaurant, etc. It became overwhelmingly apparent to me that the best E-Reader is the one you have with you at all times. For me, that's my iPhone.The actual reading experience is definitely better on the Paperwhite. However, if you're an "on-the-go" reader like me, then it just means you have to carry around another device. Dedicated E-Readers are for people who either truly read a ton, or have a set routine for reading. If that's not you, then stick with your phone.
I took it back the day after purchasing it. The screen looks like you are scrolling through old news print. Blacks out each moment you move it. I thought it was a defect but nope. According to the geek squad that's just the way it is now :(
Battery life is great. Kindle unlimited is lame, web browser needs work.
Too small for me. Page turning constantly due to size. Page refresh jumpy, irritating to my eyes.
An 'okay' reader. Reading from an iPad mini is better under all conditions except outside in sunlight. Plus, with the iPad you can play games, web search, etc. The Kindle library function is not nearly as good as the Kindle app on the iPad where you can see many more of your books on a page and scroll through them all quickly versus the slow swipe function of the Kindle. I also do not like the page turn of the Kindle versus Apple. Every page turned on Kindle is like slow motion and about every fifth page refreshes entirely. I actually have to go to the top of the next page slowly in order to not have to wait for the Kindle slow page turn. Even the reading in the outdoors feature of the Kindle is not as great as reviewers indicate as there is still the sun glare on pages that you have to deal with, although at least you can read with it outdoors. The Kindle also suffers from a 'shadow' along the bottom of the screen. The explanation is that it is actually a shadow that is between the lights that are shining upward for night time reading. Draw your own conclusions as to whether that is good engineering. It is worse on some of the devices I saw than on others. Kindle serves the purpose for reading at the beach and not worrying if it accidently gets damaged. I would never take an iPad to the beach, but the Kindle is almost 'disposable' in contrast. Maybe 3 stars is being a bit generous but it is a good supplement to the iPad. If Apple ever makes their device so it can be used outside without a glare, then I don't see any market for the Kindle at that point. Not sorry I have a Kindle, but for what I decided to buy it for (reading at beach) it is at the price point where it is not really worth it. I still read "paper" books for those who remember what those are and those still work perfectly for beach reading.
I enjoy this kindle. I was disappointed that the iPad gloss made it difficult to read outdoors at the beach but this paper white makes that very possible.
We started out great. We had a great thing going. I loved her, she was easy on the eyes, and looked great in any light. Then 7 months into it, I could no longer turn her on. I tried the reboot with no luck. She is still under warranty but that doesn't matter because Best Buy's return policy stinks. If I do try to replace her, I will not buy it here.
The screen was small for me and I couldn't access a website with free ebooks. I ended up taking it back and read on my iPad now.
Bought this for a friend in the hospital.very easy for him to use as he uses it endless hrs.the picture quality is good also ..would buy product again
Good for the price. Ended up returning it for the model up that had some extra features.
I am on my 3rd Kindle. This software downloads new purchases with a picture of the cover of the book on my homepage. Only about a fifth of the available space. So this would only allow you to buy at most four books at a time before the covers would be too small. The new books should be downloaded to my Library in List Form as in the original Kindle. In addition, once you have looked at a book in the homepage, it disappears and you have to search for it or place it in a category. Finally, this system disallows you from manipulating books the way you want. This OS is definitely NOT USER FRIENDLY. It requires a great deal of effort of the user. A lot of wasted data space and waste of time. I am requesting a return to the original Kindle OS.
I liked my Kindle fire better. Kindle Fire was easier to hold and easier to use.
I bought it for college textbooks but took it back because it didn't work for this particular device.
While reading might be a bit easier on the Paperwhite, navigating on it drove me nuts. The touch screen is annoying and has limited functionality. I tried to like it. I just couldn't. It's sitting unused while I use a less expensive Fire.
Not for the average computer person. Very confusing instructions. I spent several hours trying to install the "overdrive" so I could get e-books from the library. Ran the battery down several times with no luck. I got so disgusted I had to just put it down. (I'm still trying because I refuse to give up) Thinking about just returning it and the nice leather case too!)
I HATE this machine. First, I specifically asked the salesperson if I could connect to the internet. He assured me I could. It does not. Second complaint is that you can't just press the book and delete it. You have to go to Amazon to do this. I hated it so much I gave it away.
Still adjusting...had kindle fire and liked the ease of touch for turning pages, definitions and location in book. Paper weight is Much more difficult to maneuver, doesn't seem to be as touch sensitive as the fire. I have to repeatedly touch screen to get page to turn and definition accessibility also takes more work. Also, bookmarking doesn't seem to stay on page.
Don't buy this if u don't read books also very rarely read the book
It will not charge in USB on computer, have to take it in.
Used it for 2 days and the screen froze 5 times--the kindle just won't switch on. Had to restart each time, and sometimes restarting won't help. It is clearly defective. Brought it to a Bestbuy store to exchange, but custumer service won't replace it. Asked me to look on the kindle shelf and there was none. Then they said they could give me store credit, and I would go line up in checkout and order a new one. Since I got mine on a discount, I had to pay the price difference!! This is ridiculous. They wouldn't order a replacement for a defective product, unless I pay more?? Got a refund in the end even though I liked the product otherwise and would much prefer an exchange. I guess purchases with discounts are not protected.
I am glad I bought it. It is easy to use and have given me good book suggestions.
Asked a Bestbuy employee if I could connect to my library. He told me yes so I bought the Kindle. When I got it home, found out that downloading books from my library was not an option, so I returned Kindle.
very difficult to operate this if having problems knowing how to get to the instructions. Should have some computer knowledge prior to purchase.
I had to replace my Kindle 3G keyboard after several years because it would no longer charge. So I got this one and I'm satisfied, but I really miss my 3G. The only feature that's better in the newer Kindle is the light. Turning pages is my main complaint with the touch screen. It sometimes doesn't register the touch and you have to do it again. Also going back a page is a pain. Supposedly the left 25% of the screen is for going back, but it seems like the left 10% at best and just to be safe I press on the very edge. I miss the buttons for turning pages.I also miss the 3G even though I didn't use it all that often. Now I just need to make sure I plan ahead on road trips.
So I love, love, love e-ink. I'm not even a big reader but t's this magic technology that no one seems excited about. There is literally ink inside the screen that moves up or down electronically. So it is literally an actual printed book page that can change in an instance.I like the Kindle Paperwhite and it does everything I need. But this particular version doesn't have the same pleasing page color as my 5 year old Kindle, which is strange. But I really needed the light to actually be able to read when I usually want to read. So when the light is on it's pretty nice.The interface is rather slow, which is to be expected given it's not a traditional LCD screen (it's literally a printing press), but I wish the interface had better ways to organize and change the order of books. The other problem I had was that the first one I received had a large hole in the upper layer of the screen (where the light diffuses through) so it had this glowing hole that reminded me of a giant stuck pixel. Also there were a few random stuck black spots. The next one did not have these problems. Amazon will replace it for you if it does.
I want to rate it 3.5 but best buy lets me rate it 3 or 4, nothing in between. Similarly I see no point in upgrading from an old paperwhite until you really want a 300 ppi display. Kindle Paperwhite is good but not much has changed over the years, if you plan to upgrade over the old one think if it is worth spending.A paperwhite with 3G goes up towards 180-200 USD, I would rather invest the money on a tab. If you are sticking with the base version as I brought (99 USD - no ads), then its a good deal.
Easy to use, load books and to read in out door light conditions. Very light to hold and read.
I love reading so this e-reader works really well for me. I just wish it was a little bigger. I was used to another e-reader that had a larger screen. Otherwise, it works!
Little disappointed in. Item very hard to turn off but it is easier to read.
I do not like the fact that every thing is in pictures instead of words. On my old paper white I had a list of unread books, now I have pictures. I don't read pictures. If there is a way to make it into a list, I have yet to find it. I thought the that reading is the point.
The Paperwhite is certainly better than the regular Kindle, primarily due to the back lighting feature. If you buy a Kindle eReader, this would be the one to buy. You could spend more for the higher end models but there's really no need. The main issue with this eReader is the smudge effect at the bottom of the screen. I tried two Paperwhites and both had the same issue. Perhaps this is just how they are.
This thing is ok. Next time we get electronics it will be Amason
Have a nook as my first e-reader. I like downloading library books better on the kindle but prefer the format of the nook.
I love it. Will definitely recommend it to a friend.
Not a bad product and for the price it makes a decent gift.
I have a Paper White 1 and 2. Honestly it is difficult to justify double the price value. I certainly like most added features but not sure its worth the extra money. To note it operates great just not sure its worth an upgrade to the latest greatest.
Was a Christmas gift and I ended up returning it because it wasn't exactly what I was looking for.
The Voyage, when it worked, was great - the page turns make the reading experience seamless and the ink is crisp, making it a real upgrade from the Paperwhite. That said, it started to freeze up quickly after I got it. Hopefully this is a software issue that will be resolved soon (and the price of early adoption, sometimes), because overall, I couldn't be more pleased with the (working) Voyage.
It has what i wanted click to turn page and that is the only reason i paid that price for it. there is nothing special about it. i thhought that the battery would last longer and as an avid reader it doesn't last long enough.
I eventually had to return it because of the shades of yellow in the back-light when using it at night. It was okay at day time but at night during which I usually read it was not what i expected to be premium cost product. Especially it was very annoying to read in the landscape mode. I guess Amazon needs a better QA department.
I accidentally cracked my screen on the first day when the Voyage was too close to my rocking chair and neither Best Buy nor Amazon would do anything to help. Well, Amazon offered $15 off purchasing the Paperwhite and that wasn't something I wanted at all. Now I'm stuck with a $199 broken Voyage. Not a happy customer. I realize it was my fault but thought they should do something more to minimize the loss and keep my business.
Very disappointed that my Kindle Voyage, purchased in April, failed after just two uses. Went to charge it tonight to take on a business trip and it won't charge, won't reset, etc. Since my Best Buy receipt says I only have 15 days to return it, tried calling Amazon support. Their only solution after over 30 minutes on the phone is to process a replacement which may be a new or may be a refurbished device-- unacceptable to replace a less than 2-month old device with a refurbished one... but, given the poor experience I've had with the Voyage, I'm not even comfortable with a 'new' replacement at this point. Amazon says they can't do anything about a refund because I purchased from Best Buy-- 15 days seems a little extreme in a situation like this with a defective product!Stuck with a $200 paperweight :-(
Replaced a v1 nook but this is not better for reading
My son truly loves his Kindle. He uses it everyday.
I replaced my older Kindle Keyboard, which is larger and heavier than this kindle. Page turning takes some getting used to - I keep touching screen and turning page by mistake. You're able to turn the "side buttons" page turning off, but can't turn the touchscreen page turning off - it sure would be nice to allow page turns only with the "side buttons" - I think this is a major design flaw. Also, the audio option seems to be missing - you can't have books read aloud to you anymore. Also, no 3G. I almost returned this, but didn't get around to it, so I'm stuck with it.
Clear reading in bright light outdoor settings. Long battery life.
My Kindle Voyage is nearly 16 months old and worked perfectly. I kept receiving emails from Amazon about the software update. I switched off airplane mode, switched on wifi and shortly after the screen locked up. I have tried everything with customer support and they now tell me I will have to buy a new one. I am very annoyed. If I had left the software as it was my Kindle Voyage would still be working.
The Kindle is great for just reading books, and the battery power is pretty good.The experimental browser is not very user friendly.
i cant at night it has no back light from one to ten its a 7
It is the top of the line e reader by amazon which is also the leader in e readers. The voyage is an excellent device and very versatile to carry on your trips. I feel the premium for the page turn sensors is little too high. In hindsight I would go with the paper white and save a few bucks.
Ive had the 1st kindle so it took time to get used to no keyboard but love the built in light that has auto adjusting. The homepage isnt as friendly
turning pages not as easy as the original ones; whole Home Page experience not really user friendly, and seems geared to just sell you more books.
Have had it for a while noe. A littlebit unusual to press so hard to change page but now starting to get used to it.
very good produ ct and service will defintely refer to a freind.
doesnot work After three weeksI cannot open it. so sad
Bought Amazon Fire TV 2/16/15, this is NOT the replacement cord for my model.Be aware of what you are purchasing --- this is NOT a fit for the older Fire models.Alternate, non Amazon, power cords are available for the older version of Fire TV on Amazon.
I PURCHASED THIS ITEM BACK IN THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2017. I RETURNED THIS ITEM WITHIN 30 DAYS OF PURCHASE. I MAILED IT BACK PER INSTRUCTIONS BY AMAZON. TODAY MAY 26 I RECEIVED AN E-MAIL FROM AMAZON THAT THEY FAILED TO RECEIVE THE ITEM BY JUL. 20 SO THEY WILL CHARGE MY CREDIT CARD. I HAVE TO ASSUME THAT SOMEONE IN AMAZON RECEIVING DID NOT DO THEIR JOB LOGING IN THE ITEM OR US MAIL LOST THE ITEM. EITHER WAY I AM SCREWED.
This tablet could be so much better if the apps actually worked decently. The built in Amazon pieces for Prime members is great and work flawlessly. But it's not enough to overcome the terrible app behavior and countless freezes. They need to take a lesson or two from Apple.
Any one who doesn't want to spend too much money and get a tablet for kids it is perfect for them.
Slow response. Wait 5 sec to turn a page. Frustrating. Best Buy says too bad so sad for me.
Good tablet althought the availability of apps thru their appstore is limited.
Bought this tablet for my 4 yo and 9 yo. Tablet was perfect for their use of watching movies and kid games
Still not able to connect to wifi so I am unable to give a recommendation.
It is ok but I like my bigger screen one but it broke in less than two years
The tablet periodically shuts off for no reason. I have contacted Amazon but their only suggestion was to reset to factory default.
Works fine, don't like the ads. Easy to use speed ok.
It is ok to be a "android" tablet with such a low price. But the display is not good as they described.It hurts my eyes after long use.
Very basic. If you need more than the basics, look for an Android tablet.
good product but very hard to customize like real androids. Can not install firefox or other SW that Amazon deems a competition...too bad
It's a cheap version to allow my wife to read books and such. No pretense that it's anything like an iPad but it's doing exactly what it should do for the price point it's set at.
I have never had so many issues with a kindle and I have purchased alot. It's slow. It shuts off whenever it wants, the sd card dosent read half the time. And when it does it seems to be downloading it. And it deleted apps off my other kids kindle or adds when I do ... very very stupid . It has cracked . And I have never dropped it . It isn't made well. I am going to return it and I will probably never buy another kindle . HORRIBLE
Found this tablet to be very intrusive with adds, almost forced to use credit card to make things work.
It has a delayed response. i can't access my email accounts unless I give Amazon access to control everything. I can't put my apps on my opening page. Amazon uses the Washington Post, I prefer the NYT. So far not a fan.
Could not download apps I needed to control my tvs
Full disclosure, I've only had iPads in the past. I needed an android based tablet as a 3rd party app that I needed was yet IOS supported. You get what you pay for. Build quality, touch and feel, yes it's equal to the price. Constant adds urging you to make various Amazon based purchases...not my cup of tea but I guess fills a price point and need.
Stay away from the certified refurbished Amazon Fire TV. I received two Certified Refurbished defective fire TVs. The first the screen looked half corrupted, see the pictures. The second Certified Refurbished Amazon fire tv I received would not boot up, it was stuck in an infinite loop where I would only see the amazon logo for 10 seconds then it would boot up again.If anything, Amazon needs to re-visit its refurbishment process and quality control of the refurbished products they let get in consumer hands.Update 11/28/16: I purchased a new Fire TV during the BF sale and I have had no issues so far :).
I bought this thinking since we'd bought several other refurbished things that worked, that it would be okay. The box never booted properly so the only thing we could stare at was the Amazon logo and the words Unknown Boot in the corner. Customer Service tried to help with the box but we couldn't get it to trouble shoot. Sending this box back.
Certified garbage! Lesson learned about paying attention to reviews. Fire TV box and remote was packaged like new, even included new batteries. After plugging it in it would only show Amazon logo and 'unknown boot' on screen. Cycled power several times and even tried to reset using remote buttons, no dice. I read all the negative reviews before I purchased this, I chose to take the chance so I'm angry with myself, but very disappointed with Amazon for even suggesting this is refurbished, let alone certified, as if that means something.
I bought this thing refurbished. I find that I have to unplug / plug back in the HDMI cable on a regular basis when switching inputs on the TV. Not sure if it is the Amazon Fire box itself or if it is the TV (Not likely).Otherwise it is a good device. I bought it for the ability to hard wire my Ethernet connection to my gigabit switch and for 4K capabilities which it does do. Having the Alexa app is handy but her features can be severely handicapped.I probably should have just bought it new..... usually refurbished devices work well as they are tested before resale and it was probably tough to catch that the HDMI port on these might be finicky. I may have to switch it out.
Hopefully, this will at least work as an e-reader. Otherwise, Amazon has it locked up so tight one cannot do much else with it. And, even with my fiber optic Wi-Fi it is slower than cold molasses in January in Canada. Well, I needed a Kindle e-reader and for $40 that is ok.
I bought this product for my three-year-old son. The operating system is slightly complicated unlike the user-friendly iPad. Fortunately, it serves it's purpose as there are many books, apps, and movies fingertips.
The Kindle is better than the older version in the fact that I have used it a lot with game apps for the kids and it was bogged down with memory being used up but I held out on purchasing a new one the scores and in app purchases won't transfer to the new one so I got the new one and it works fast updates apps camera is not so good but all and all 3 stars
This item is no good... will only last for 3 months & amazon basically tells you to f*** off
Bought two of them first one would not charge after the first day. The second one The screen went blank so I have to return it now only after a couple of days of use. Will not purchase any more of this kind.
Amazon Fire is doing its job. Kids play games, access internet. Slower onside of streaming
charging port fault appeared in tablet after 2 weeks of purchase from BB, I went to BB store for warranty claim, they said to contact Amazon for any issue, Amazon said they didn't recognise my order in their system. Ended without any remedy.
This Amazon Fire is fine for just reading and minimal research and investigative work. Apart from e-reading, it is slow and unresponsive.
I already had an iPad and just bought this to see what all the fuss was about. Haven't used it hardly ever.
Didn't do all that I wanted it to but it is sufficient for my 8 year old son.
This tablet is great for minimal use for a child. It is slow so I wouldn't recommend it for an adult.
So I got this for my nephew mostly for books for school and games but he tends to get anoid with it cause the internet connection that it picks up doesn't stay but other than that great
The thing broke within the first week. The charging port was bent and it wouldn't charge.
The usablity wise good but install the Google store is messy
This tablet conked out on me the first day I powered it on. The Amazon symbol came up and never went past that screen. I was highly annoyed because I purchased it as a first to send it out of the country. My biggest mistake was trusting that everything would work fine, instead I should've powered on the device to ensure everything was fine.
Bought another one because first one stopped working. Seems to match the cheap price. Made cheaply.
Lot of ads from amazon. Other than that, good for light use
Got this as a gift for a friend. She had a little issue trying to set up at first but got it going eventually
Considering this was under fifty dollars I am satisfied with it.
It's amazing how much this inexpensive tablet can do. Slower than my iPad and I wish it had vudu but can't complain with a price tag under $50.
i got this tablet for traveling. Just games, reading, stuff like that so I didn't need anything fancy. It works but it lags on games and the battery life is horrible.
My 4 yo grandnephew and 3 yo daughter love them! The tablet does freeze but that's what happens sometimes! They love them!
I am not too happy with the Kindle. It's ok but it seems to run slow and sometimes the sd card isn't reading. Would not purchase another
Purchased this product for as a backup tablet. . The one con I have is that the internet browser runs a little slow. Other than that a good product.
It freezes up a lot but it's great for reading. Not meant for other apps.
We got this for our son. He is always wanting to play on Mom's tablet so we thought this would be a good choice. His aunt does a lot of tech shopping and bought this same one for his sister so we got the same one. Within a month the charging cord on both units quit working and shortly after that the ports became squirly so you have to hold them just right or they don't charge. Save your money and get a more expensive but better quality product.
this is a great pad device, big and good display. just you have to familiar with the amazon OS and they build it for E-book, so it will a little bit slow for even web site surfing.more serious in game playing.
As a starter tablet for a child this is great because it offers everything the more expensive tablets offer and it is very affordable. I wouldn't recommend this as a full service tablet because of it's speed
Bought this for my six-year old Daughter.Easy to navigate.The only knock is that is doesn't have expandable memory.
My kids use it for playing games only. Memory is too limited. If you want to expand memory you have to buy special memory card from Amazon. Regular cards won't work. I'll like the app free time to help protect the kids from what they watch and play but it is difficult and time consuming to get updates for the games they play. Amazon does not have the best user friendly software for their tablets. They do what we get it for, entertain the kids for awhile.
I bought this to use only one application. Oh, is it most difficult to get this thing to continuously work! And I still can't get the geek squad program to properly download onto the device. I'm pretty disappointed.
Don't have much storage...ok for kids. Purchase tablet as a gift but didn't last long
I have bought 2 tablets for my son and didn't open it after I received it because it was a birthday gift for them and when they open it on their Big day 1 of the tablet didn't turn on ,the screen is just purple I m out of country right now and will be back on August 4,2107 and I emailed BEST BUY "Geek Squad " and told them the whole situation but nobody responded,very disappointed it was a surprise gift for my kiddos and 1 of my son was really upset that tablet won't turn on,let's see if Best Buy read my review and take some action !!!
The only bad thing is it doesn't have google on it
Poor response. Very sluggish. Even the Amazon app is slow. Not so on my Apple or Droid tablets. I've yet to load any apps.
My kids like down games and play with. It is for young children if you dont want spent a lot of money
I had a Nook, but it died so I wanted a replacement, and bought this Fire tablet on black friday last year because it was very inexpensive, but as the old adage goes, you get what you pay for. It's OK for basic web surfing, but it's limited, slow, and has one little speaker on the back so if you lay it on a table you won't be able to hear it very well.
I had two of these in less than a year, it's definitely good for the price. The problem is that the charger port breaks very often. No matter how gentle toy are, it deteriorates within a couple months.
Good price, functions well, nice screen to read books
Got this on sale for 35 bucks I think. My I phone is faster and works better on most things but couldn't beat the price. Serve its purpose for occasional use and games.
No the best tabler, is loaded with bloatware from amazon.
Bought five of these for my teachers to take photos/videos and upload to our site and email parents. Does everything just fine, except the cameras aren't the greatest. Pretty slow to capture the pic and they all come out blurry with he slightest amount of motion (from the subject or photograher). Ok product if your not focused on taking pictures.
Alexa doesn't know half of what my computer does. But the musical quality is good. It's a glorified radio. I think I would recommend the Dot. Save your money.
Bought this item with high expectations of its capabilities. It would be extremely lenghty to supply full details, let me just say that technology is not there yet with AI devices like this....
I stick with Google home for better value and sound quality
The unit works good and understands you easily. Just not sure how much it can really do. The music quality is middle grade compared to other speakers.
Great sound for music. Use it for a reminder each day. Kind of a to do list. When I need time or temp just ask Alexa
this was given as a gift and recipient happy with it.
All in all it is pretty cool but seems pretty limited to me. Gets annoying when you constantly have to access SPotify before asking for an artist or it defaults to Amazon free previews...but I get it. Wish it could answer more questions but assume that will come with time, updates or future models. Feels like one of those technological offerings that you try and fit into your life versus one that naturally fills a void.
I WAS NEVER ABLE TO GET IT TO SEND PLAY MUSIC FROM MY IPHONE APP. IT WOULD ONLY PLAY SAMPLES OF MUSIC FROM AMAZON.
I originally purchased the Google Home and it was very nice but speaker was not loud enough and it was ugly on my night stand. I swapped to the Echo and it is nice looking at the illumination when responding. The bad part of this device is you have to be very specific when making request and the echo can't hear you when the volume is over 5/10. If I had to redo it I would probably keep the Google home. It was more accurate even on my wake up alarm.
Easy to setup but doesn't do everything without additional products. Better than google home.
We have Google home and the Echo. We like Google Home better.
The white echo is nice-looking and subtle on the countertop. The sound quality is the best feature. Basic voice commands are best: is it raining?, other commands need effort: what are cumulus clouds? 'Sorry I don't know that'.
I like the product, but I dislike that you have to download every app. I believe it should come with at least a few basic apps.
Alexa- STEP UP YOUR GAME. Google home is coming for you. He coming!
I liked the sound quality coming out of the Echo. I ended up returning this for an Echo Dot. The Dot is 1/3rd of the price and for my townhouse, I don't need a high powered speaker. Alexa is great to use, no matter what Echo device you have.
Ok, but sometimes alexa begin speaking without being asked, and sometimes light spins around when asked alexa a question without any answer.
Unfortunately, Alexa is still complicated to get it to recognize smart devices.
I get frustrated with this alot. I like being able to speak commands but she never seems to know much even though we add skills to her. She is always saying she doesnt know that. The speaker is not the quality that I would expect for the price.
This is useless. I have tried to calibrate it to my smart home. Pointless.
I wasn't aware of all the apps that needed a premium membership for playing music. That was a disappointment, but other than that I enjoy the product.
I'm returning it because a new version is coming i
I feel like it plays the same playlist every time.
The sound coming from the echo is amazing considering it's small size.
I feel that Alexa does not know a lot of information. It gets very frustrating.
You need gooooood wifi for this. If the wifi isn't good like it's in and out this will not work that good. You also need the app to set up alexa. I would only recommend this if you have great wifi
It's a great product to have , loud speaker , however if you don't have any accessories to go with it don't buy it but if you have the money buy it
Lots of stuff available to add to enhance performance.
It works great with my Hue and also requesting music. But deeper questions it doesn't know much
The music was good, however, Alexa's voice was inaudible most of the time. It couldn't meet our needs so we returned it.
Device does not stay connected to wifi, always disconnecting. This makes product unusable for alarms and timers. When used to work with harmony, at times, does not turn on all devices. Over priced and overrated. Purchased Google Home, for the past week, it has not lost contact with wifi, and works perfectly with harmony hub. Difficult setup with echo, even with 5-6 times with echo support, they can't figure it out. Wish I could return, not too late.
Purchase the echo with my Vivint system because sales person pushed the product stating it would enhance the Vivint capabilities. Not really so...it's a nice gadget for music and putting together shopping lists and "to-do" lists, but not really something we needed. In addition, not enough apps that work with it.
Took awhile to get it all setup. After getting it all setup it was fun to play with for awhile than it was just okay. Have to get the wording just right to listen to radio stations or it tells you can't find it or plays something totally different.
Thought we'd have tons of fun with Alexa; found that had to stretch to use it productively. Maybe that's why Amazon puts out a steady stream of "Here's what's new with Alexa" emails, a lot of them revolving around buying more stuff from Amazon.
We love it (that's me & my wife) . My son & daughter-in law & 2 grand-girls all love it.
Alexa works great for listening to spotifly (only if you have premium) and very basic information (time, weather). She has a tough time answering questions. This is not a Google machine. She consistently would not understand simple questions. The volume is very loud and can be adjusted manually or through voice. She also can learn skills which some are hit and miss. I'd still recommend this product if you have a smart home (smart outlets, locks) or if you have spotifly premium.
Nice toy but not very useful unless you are controlling a house full of appliances, lights, etc. Also not a fan of Bing which is the search engine the Echo uses.
I love my device but wish there was more of a descriptive summary of how to get music stations and as well as other features. I've learned most by just coming upon things. Needs better operating instructions
Found out after having had opened and tried programming this awesome alexa that basically nothing comes with it. It's a listening device in my home that won't do anything unless I pay more into Amazon. The fact that I synced my pandora account is pointless because I have to spell out what I want Alexa to play by saying, "Alexa play 'X' station from my pandora play list." How is the rest of my family suppose to know what to request when I am the only one who knows my pandora play list (and barely at that!) I have many complaints, and basically disappointed in my purchase. I was lead to believe this was the radio of the future. It is if I pay for the Amazon Music Unlimited monthly.
Returned item because my phone did everything Alexa does. The best thing was the quality of the speaker.
Received this as a gift. I don't use it much but family loves it.
This device plays on the fact that you must subscribe to their stuff or this is just a empty cylinder that tells you the weather and that's it. And even then there is a subscription required for everything. Google Home at least plays general music lists and a number of other key actions.
acts up a lot , but has a lot of good features. but then again i should go over the instructions.
Unless you have fiber optic internet, don't buy this. If you have ATT Uverse it will mess up the TV, lower the speed of your internet, and play havoc with the phone.It has not worked yet since getting it, since I only have 25mgb of internet, and it really does not work at that speed at all.
The Echo is ok, it's a decent speaker and I like that it has a Bluetooth so I can listen to music off my phone.But there is more that I don't like then I like.For example, to play music off spottily you must have a perineum account ($10 a month).I heart radio will play only the last station it had on, not sure yet but can't change station with just voice.Most of "skills" are done poorly, for example my Honeywell thermostat, you can't ask it to tell you the temp, turn on, turn off.Only thing that can be done, is to ask it to raise or drop the temperature.At this time it will not control my wifi sprinkler system "orbit Bhyve".You don't always get an answer to questions as it uses Bing as a search engine, which I'm not a big fan of .Tried to buy wifi light switches so I can have it controlling that, but after purchasing the Wemo switch I found out that all the switches in my house are 2 way switches, so that did not work.So basically it's just ok, and maybe in few years it will be better, but over all like I said there is more that I don't like about it.
We have an echo dot in my son's room and bought this for the kitchen. I'm not sure why this is so much more but has the same functionality. I wish we would have bought another dot instead!
Echo was easy to set up. Speaker is not as good as the Google Home. Both the Nest thermostat and the Inseon hub seem to be working okay with the Echo.3 stars because I have not used all the functions yet.
Good for playing music on a limited basis.Requires Spotify premium to play many selections. Frustrating when it only plays small samples of some artists.
Giving it an average rating because boo hoo, I haven't figured out how to make it work yet. It responds but doesn't seem to have answers to any of my queries or requests. It must be just a matter of connecting it to a proper wireless source. So far I haven't figured it out. I am eager to however! I guess I am just too technologically challenged.
The Amazon Echo is a great item. Sometimes the echo doesn't respond to the commands or cannot answer
not as smart as the commercials show. cant answer a lot of questions
It's going to take more work to get her up to useful capacity, but she has a nice speaker for music in the kitchen.
I bought this as a gift for my son and his wife. I rhougjt with having a young baby at home and their hands always full it would come in handy. They liked the idea but after doing their own review search, decided it wasn't for them.
Never knows answers to question or has the song I want. And always says not getting connection. It sucks
I have a dot as well as this one. There is never a problem with the dot being able to hear me, but the Echo is like an obstinate child. There is still time to return it so I'll give it a few more days to behave. If not, it goes back.
The family loves this because they can communicate to this device and ask it to play their favorite songs or questions or just about anything you can Google.. Even jokes!
it does a lot LESS than you would expect. the advertisements is about all it does. no need to spend this large amount of money to listen to music you have on your phone. any info you get on the echo you get on your phone.
Cool device but not totally useful as internet tool completely...but do use it for several helpful tasks, music, alarms and weather updates
Thought I'd be enjoying this more. Clever interface when Alexa gets it right, more frustrating than it should be when she gets you wrong!
I haven't really used mine that much, therefore I cannot rate it to its fullest. So far its been good.
I thing is cool too can listen to radio get news from CNN FOX but if you don't have Amazon Prime it is dumb as a brick.
Like this but doesn't always get the commands correct. Doesn't answer questions the way the Google version does.
Please support commands for the Energysmart Water Heater Controller by Iris. Lowes Item# 612026 Model:691121 . Command such as "alexa turn water heater on" or "alexa turn water heater off" would be nice. It would gave been nice if Amazon has added a command support for this water heater controller by Iris.
Doesn't answer as many questions as led to believe should have google instead of Bing a simple alarm clock is all I use it for not much good for anything else would have returned it but I like gadgets . Don't recommend purchasing
I thought I'd love this but felt like it had very little purpose. Did like it at all.
My wife bought one at Best Buy. I had to go back and get her $40 dollars when the price went from $179 to $139. I decided I would get her one -- but they were out of stock. I ordered one thru Amazon --- but it still hasnt gotten here.
I should have waited until this was more advanced, it keeps disconnecting from the wifi and it's a pain to reboot it, doesn't know much either, we have only had it 3 weeks so we will see how it grows with us
so far it's a nice toy in the kitchen, and it appears that there is a lot of up and coming apps that will be nice once they are all working. right now it can only do basic stuff. the speaker on it is just ok, they could improve that on the next upgrade. i don't even think it's stereo.
The echo is certainly able to answer many questions but it is inferior to the Google Home. We bought both and use them side by side and the Home is able to retrieve answers or information that the Echo is not on a somewhat frequent basis. Examples are questions or requests such as "how many calories are in a pop-tart", searching for certain songs or types of music, and calculating time and distance between two cities by car. The Home was able to do all of these things while the Echo was not. The home also tends to provide information beyond the direct answer to your question while the Echo does not. The Echo definitely has superior sound quality but I'm not sure it's worth it.
It works as advertised. I bought it as a gift so don't use it everyday.
Did not work is good as I thought it would switch to Google home much better product
Great Servive Best Buy and the price match is great I used it both at best buy
Bluetooth inaccessible if not connected to Wi-Fi. Device not chargeable hence not portable.
The whole AI question and answer dynamic is cool, but the speakers are weak. The bass is non existent and the treble is harsh.
I returned the item because itt was not wireless. It always needed to be plugged in in order to work. Otherwise it was a great product. I was looking for something that could be taken from level to level as well as outside with ease.
Great concept and easy for kids to use but it does take a lot of set up in many different areas to work like you want it to. You can't just plug it in and go.
The sound quality of the speaker in my opinion is not worth the extra cost versus a Echo Dot. I could spend the difference on a separate speaker to use with the Dot and also have the flexibility of using that speaker elsewhere.
Love talking to Alexa to tell it to control temp, what to play , what to mix
I bought this to fill my life with music. The first two weeks were fantastic. I got Amazon Music, and needed only to say, "Alexa, play (insert artist name, song name, or album name)" and it would play music. The speaker quality is great. 4 days after Christmas it went into a Christmas Music and hymn default. Whatever artist I requested, it would play the first song, and then default to religious music. I'd switch artists and it'd happen again. I contacted Amazon, and was told not to request artists. I needed to specify albums and songs. I don't have this info memorized. I bought it to say artist names. Someone responding to my poor review on Amazon suggested trying different music services. I dumped Amazon music and started requesting music on Pandora. Alexa misunderstood my granddaughters request, and played Christmas music on Pandora, although we were now well into Jan. I'm no longer having the Christmas music problem, but Alexa is just ok playing music from Pandora. Sometimes it gets it right, sometimes not. I am so disappointed in it, that I plug it in when I want to hear music, and unplug it, and ignore it most of the time. When it worked the first two weeks, I raved about it. After witnessing my problems, people who come over don't want one.
This product not good waste of money I would recommend it
Echo is tough to deal with. Doesn't understand most the questions I ask. You definitely can't do a follow up question. Speaker sounds great. Looks great. Also will hook up to devices for automation. Hopefully they update it for comms, cuz google home is killing it there.
Alexa answers maybe 1 out of 10 questions we ask her - she uses Bing.com and it is really bad. Her standard answer is - I don't know the answer to this question. We ask her easy questions about stats or people. We also have a Google home and it answers almost every question right.
The product works fine, but you need to install a bunch of apps to use to its full potential.
Data is tied to skills and should just be a blanket open forum of knowledge. Still has other benefits to explore.
On my opinion I bought very-very good toy for the people who loves play with technology of the future.. I'm really enjoy when I demonstrate it to my friends and they are impressed. But unfortunately it is not useful for most of the standard users. As I said in a most cases it's just a "GOOD TOY"...
After a week of using the Amazon echo I found myself using it less and less each day. I tried several times for it to do commands no luck. Save your money.
I'm still learning this I will submit another review once I use this more
Good product..Makes life easy.I have no issues so far with this .
I could have done without it. You need to install a whole bunch of apps to have a competent Alexa. I guess Echo would work better with a Smarthome. Sometimes it has a hard time with my accent.
continually loses connection to the internet. app says it s connected but says check back later. Worked for the first month or so but now works one minute and dumb two minutes later. Constantly asking Alexa, Alexa,;ALEXA!!
All the static about this item, not sure why. I did get a better deal buying two. Cant wait to gift it to someone. it appears a lot of my questions go unanswered.
I know a lot of the ability of the Amazon Echo is more than I know...if there was a real tutorial available, this would probably be a great product.
Not as easy as it sounded like it was going to be. So many things to buy to get full use out of what we knew we COULD do. Every question we seem to ask Alexa/she says she doesn't know the answer and that we'd have to "download the app" - so we never use her/only to ask her to set a timer and tell us the time and ask her to play music, which we also had to set up first. Not as neat as we thought she was going to be.
Not what I was thinking, most questions asked, I get response. Hmm
Expensive speaker. Voice recognition does not work so well. Skill set is extemely limited even though Amazon claims 10,000.
I have wanted my Amazon Echo for several years and was able to buy one BUT not without an extended warranty! Which if you buy ANY ANY thing from BEST BUY, it's Now imperative you spend your money for an extended warranty! Like now if it wasn't for the warranty on my Moto phone that I HAD to return it! Which is totally dysfunctional NOW and friends can't get it to work! My new exchanged phone has t totally screwed up my availability to access Pandora! Luckily, there's an extended warranty you have no choice BUT to purchase! They "TRY" to make everything right with customers!
I just brought 4 and NO I has had success pairing the device. Amazon doesn't have any tech assistance and the directions are for a remote but w-o a smart TV, I don't think you can get much from the device.
Alexa is a great tool. It's fun to use, but the DOT has just as much functionality and seems to hear my voice better. The speaker on the Echo is better, but when the volume us up high, it can't hear me at all. The DOT can connect to an external speaker via bluetooth or 3.5mm, and it's a third of the price
The dot does everything this does and most people already have blue tooth speakers to hook up to it.
This device is not as great as advertised. It does not do as many things as expected and you have to go to a lot of trouble to do otherwise
Sound quality is pretty good if you want it to play background music, but I still prefer Sonos for this purpose. Alexa is useful for controlling the widest range of smart home products, but it's not backed by Google Home's superior search intelligence, so it isn't that great for asking in-depth questions of it. There are comparisons of these products out there, so take a look before making a decision. Since I mostly wanted it for home control, it suits my need.
Alexa is nice but it lacks a lot of informayion when asking questions. It's not like your smart phone that you can ask anything and will give you the answer. Only to certain thing and you have to email el certain apps in the Alexa app itself to work. Still working on Alexa so maybe that could be the reason but I though it would be like Siri that you can ask anything.
Summary says it all really. It works, but its not really very useful.
Had trouble setting it up. Set it up using app on wife's phone. It doesn't work when wife's phone is out of the house. Grandkids have fun with it. Music speakers are good. I have a lot to learn about this thing.
Thought this would be pretty cool gadget. Not impressed. Poor voice recognition.
Love the product, not happy that there have been two sales on it at Best Buy. One 18 days after purchase $50 off, today 23 days after purchase online $80 off. They won't help me, after 15 days I was told!
Not very functional and never had all the answers I needed. And I wanted a device I could make phone calls to anyone with in which the Google home does. We purchased the Google home and we are so glad we did.
I thought Alexa was like your smart phone Siri but it's not. It's very limited to what you can ask and you must download some of the Apps in within the Alexa app to work and ask question. Not what I though it was.
The amazon echo does what it's supposed to do. I wish it could call 911.
Fun to use but not fun with the software. I tried forever to get it to recognize my light modules to turn the lamps on and off. I gave up. If they ever fix the software it would be great. Other than that, it is nice to ask Alexa things and play music. Speaker is good. Amazon Echo software needs a lot of improvement.
I was disappointed that she can't connect to you tube. She's otherwise great. You have to be very specific when asking her something. When I ask about news in a certain region. She just gives the general news which may have nothing about the specified region.
Without the lights, thermostat or alarm that you would attach to the echo doesn't seem like a practical thing. If you plan on having the other items to connect then it would probably be a better device for you. Again, solid device I just don't have use for it daily.
I didn't know much about the device before buying other than the fun commercials. I figured that it was internet connected and could do anything I asked it to. I quickly learned this is not the case. You aren't able to just plug it in and expect it to know everything on the internet. It seemed it didn't know know some basic questions. It uses skills where are like phone APs. You have to enable each skill in order to use it. When you want to use a skill much like an ap you have to remember the specific skill and then Include that in what you ask it to do. It seems like it does home automation well and basic functions but it has a long way to go before it's a know everything on the internet
I don't recommended if you are using Apple products
go for a google if you want proper answers to any of your questions.!
I ordered the echo based upon online reviews and based on suggestions of friends. However, thus far, the only thing I ever use it for is to play music, which I could easily do with my other electronics. I am holding out hope that future updates make this more of a must have item.
Doesn't do much except radio and a couple of games. Wait for future skills before buying
Great for Music and games. Bluetooth/wifi connections. Alexa asked me to have a conversation. I kept it simple and try to teach it. its favorite response is "I do not know that one" I give it answers and next time I ask the same question it responds I do not know that one. Dumb as a rock. For radio play back and music sound the Alexa beats all. On sale 89.99 I would recommend to a friend. Would not recommend at the $179.99 price.
So I've seen this at the mall and the TV ads and thought hmmm that sounds good. Note mine does not sound as good as the units I've heard play music at the stores. I don't know why and there does not seem to be any adjustments you can make to that. All you can do is say volume up, volume down or say volume lever 1-10.At no time was I told that you needed to use your smart phone and or table to down load the Alexa App and then run everything through that. Most of the time I say Alexa who is Morris Knight. "I don't know" Alexa was Morris Knight a VJ on MTV. "I don't know". Alexa can you tell me who was a VJ on MTV "I don't know". So I get "I don't know" more often then an get and answer. If I do get an answer Alexa will often give me an answer to a for a different person the person I asked about.If you have a Amazon Fire Stick. Don't ask Alexa about a "MOVIE" or is Joan Collins in the movie The Virgin Queen. Because for me anytime I use the word "MOVIE" she will turn on my Fire Stick. So if you are watching something else you are no longer watching it. She can turn on the Amazon Fire Stick but she can't put your TV back to what you were watching before.The Echo device will often tell you to go to the Alexa App. So I'm really not sure what the Echo Device does. Everything is run through the Alexa App so just get your table out and use Alexa that way?I'm just not very happy with this purchase. I went to the Mall and the person said "Bring in your Tablet and I can see what is going on". So see it's driven by that tablet and the app right?
This new technology does what it's intended to do. My kids love it. They talk to Alexa every day, listen to music and even ask homework questions.
The idea is right but after few weeks, needs restarting else it doesn't respond properly. Compatible devices pairs properly. I used lifx bulbs but it couldn't control them with voice says no device found. Hopefully they will release a software update soon.
The one thing i had an issue with,is I would leave my amazon speaker on playing since it's always listening. But,at times it would just cut off by itself,without my command. Another issue would be if I'm on the phone and what I'm saying may sound close to the command according to the speaker itself, it would automatically light up for me to command it to do something. Don't know if i like the idea of it listening all the time.
I wish alexa was a little smarter. Sometimes she doesn't understand what i am trying to ask.
To much programming especially for road and traffic congitions
I love it, but the first one I bought didn't work. When I got a working model I was very happy. Super cool technology
Since I am more of an Apple Buckie, I wish this had more integration to my iTunes Library. I use it with my LifeX lights, get the news and weather. Not sure I would buy it again, but if you are a Google Buckie then it would be a great toy
Just wish it would learn faster. Seems like the Google home has better knowledge with Internet info.
I find Alexa to be extremely useless at times. It's a chore trying to search for specific music through Amazon's music list (this is trying to find common songs played on the radio currently)
Product was damaged. Needs lot of improvement on the API's.
the app for that does not work well i haven't used it that much just for news
It seems that the majority of questions I have, Alexa does not have a clue.
Had this, have the dot, have two Google homes. I prefer Google home. You can YouTube rhere differences. Alexa is okay but nothing extraordinary. I use it to turn on lights, and that's about it.
Best Buy employees could have been more knowledgeable on this item
Maybe I didn't give it enough time. I had it a few weeks before I returned it. I just didn't feel the love. I see a lot of potential. I was wanting to control some of my WIFI connected devices like my thermostat, TV, and some lighting. but it took a lot of programming to get it there. So maybe after they do the heavy programming for outside devices then I'll try it again.
OK, I bought this with high expectations after watching the commercials. I thought it's going to be better than Siri, but no. It can react or answer some of your calls very well, but it's very limited. Now I use it to play prime musics only.
Could answer weather questions but struggled to answer anything else. Bought it for my father who is blind. Bing search engine terrible.
After all the great reviews I thought it would be wonderful to use as a helping hand running a business solo. However, for this case it isn't very helpful. Unlike Cortana or Siri, Alexa only works with commands based on the petty apps that can generate the commands. It can't use your whole phone or computer to pull up apps or anything special. Even the simple stuff like weather was a hassle to try to change location and simple data like calendar, and anything you want to learn just refers back to the Alexa app which by the way is absolutely awful. You can't use your own calendar alone, everything has to be linked to one of the several lackluster apps that have been created. I think this will be great in the future but as far as offices go, it seems an unnecessary false luxury. At home with smart appliances may be its only use. (Recommended for home entertainment use only).
When companies play nice with each other... the customers win. This product is fairly novel if you aren't completely bought in to the Amazon ecosystem. I would use it way more if they played nice with Apple services. I know it's a competitor, but if both companies goals are to build an awesome product for a customer, they should play nice.
Although this got great reviews, I am still trying to figure it out. When it doesn't understand my question I rephrase it and sometimes even then Alexa still can't answer. I have been reading about how to get the most out of Alexa but I'm actually still on the fence about whether or not I will keep it. Am I missing something? What is it that others see that I don't?
A wonderfully designed device, but its use is fairly limited. I bought it primarily to use as a Smart Home control device. However, although it allows you to turn on and off lights, you cannot add timers to the control instructions. For instance, you cannot tell the Echo to turn off a light in 30 minutes; you can only tell it to turn it off or on immediately. Finding that out was incredible disappointing. I don't know understand why it would be so hard to add such a feature.
The echo is so much fun to play with and works great with Amazon and hue products. It's very hard to get it to work with our iPhone and iTunes. I can't figure out how to get my iTunes playlist to work or sync it to my calander from phone. I'm sure it's possible because my tech skills are mediocre at best. Had I known what a pain this would be I would have looked into the google product more closely. The echo itself is a great product but I would not buy it again unless they open it up to other providers services.
This is a good starter. As the company provides more devices that it can control it will become excellent. It's very limited at this time.
I'm constantly getting updates on how they are making the echo great. It will take time, but needs to also integrate with phone to send and receive calls and text messages. Hate having to tell it what 3rd part app to integrate with also. Good for smarthome features.
I was tokd if you had wfi there would be no problem to make it work. Wrong, I already gave it to the person and they cannot make it work, they do not have a smart phone, but have computer and wifi... Im afraid I will have to return the item.
Thought the Echo was portable. Have to keep it plugged it to operate or buy an external battery.Returned and bought the smaller TAP which has a builtin battery.
The Echo is a great product if you have money to burn and tech savvy. Alexa (echo) learns as you talk to it and ask questions. You have to go online and enable different skill sets to allow Alexa to answer more questions. As for operating smart devices this cannot happen wirhout a huge expense. You have to purchase wifi/smart bulbs and switches before she can operate. One smart switch or wifi bulb can cist as much as $30. That's pretty steep to me. On occasion, Alexa will begin talking when no one has called her to respond.
Wondering why I spent $150 for the Echo when I could have purchased the Dot for $40 and does everything the Echo does...and more! With the Dot you can stream music to Bluetooth speakers, which can't be done with the Echo.
I am looking forward to getting to know this product better. it is not as plug and play as I thought
Glad it was half-price. Alexa doesn't know much compared to siri.
Very limited. Have activate skills.. a little bit of a pain. Otherwise fun to mess with her. Will learn as we go. Have used go control lights and other. Works ok.
I initially liked the product, the work it does and with the speakers. But then with time you feel bored, in specific if you are listener of hindi music as the songs are repetitive. Amazon Unlimited Music does not holds a very good library of Hindi Music. Secondly, Alexa is probably tuned to answer more of "I don't know". After purchasing, I realized and read more reviews that Google Home provides much better answers to queries put against it and has a wide range of hindi music.
I was expecting something more intuitive, moving to google..
Alexa is a great device. The only drawback is not being able to simultaneously stream all devices throughout the house. Hopefully Amazon is working on a solution
I have two Google home devices. They seem to be lacking in smart5 home controls. Now I find out that additional devices are necessary to use Echo in a smarthome configuration. Although currently somewhat limited, I expect that Google home will surpass the Echo with addon smarthome devices. I'll wait, rather then buy these devices twice.
I Ive used this for a month now. It works great 75 percent of the time. Alexa doesnt always understand you. The mic doesnt hear you when your 20 feet away.
I was excited about the Amazon echo. However after getting it home setting it up and finding out how limiting it is that excitement went away fast. The echo couldn't answer the majority of questions or would be asked a question and instead of answering it would play country music which I never asked for.Unless you have smart home features like a smart thermostat or smart lights etc it is useless aside from being a speaker which for the money it isn't a good speaker.I did however try it for a week finding it not worth it or that googling questions was easier to answer. Even asking it about what movies were near me etc was a pain. Some said maybe I got a defective unit which wasn't the case the echo is just limited in what it can do.I would say save your money this isn't worth it yet.
My Alexa doesn't recognize Agoura hills. Does not play free music. How can I get those to work
I am unable to connect with iPad Pro which limits one of the primary reasons for the purchase. I will appreciated recommendations to connect the devices.
I tried to set it up for over an hour and it wouldn't connect to my wifi. The orange ring didn't last more than 30 sec to even give it a chance. It just sat their with the ring of death no matter how quick I was. Powered my router off and back on even. My other devices were connected just fine before and after. So frustrated and no matter how hard I tried it didn't work so I just took it back and got a refund. Totally disappointed!
I am sure Alexa does many things but so far she hasn't reached her full potential! User needs to learn to implement her skills!
Doesn't understand anything I ask and not very good at answering questions.I am extremely disappointed.
Alexa functions until yopu attempt to connect to multiple devices. Then technical suppprt is WORTHLESS!
Nothing special. It is a pretty good speaker for the money, but it's not that useful for much else. My Apple TV does more for home automation and entertainment.
Worked great the first week then started to reset randomly finally had to hard reset it works fine now maybe had an update I use it for my morning alarm and play music at night
No matter what I asked, either Alexa didn't know the answer, or offered to order an item that I didn't ask for, with a prime membership.Couldn't even get my weather forecast right.Kept giving me the forcast for an area 20 miles away.I returned it.By the way, whatever I ask for from" ok Google" I get an answer that is usually 99% correct.Never asks me to pay for a $99 membership or offer to order something online for me.Don't need it. Don't want it.
It is good device with respect to Technology and automating house hold electronics.. But Personally I like Google Home more than Amazone Echo.
Took product back and was told that in order to get assistance the Geek squad would have to help me at my home and be charged for the service. I decided we didn't need the product that badly so took it back for a refund.
More intelligent than siri however speaker performance is lacking when used for music. Sonos play1 or bose soundlink has much better sound.
Absolutely love my Alexa but I am still figuring it out. I purchased it majority for listening to music & I love that. I ask questions & her response is I'm not sure or I don't know sounds yet. I know she can do more but I'm lost right now.
If you aren't tech savvy, know someone who is to be able to get Alexa to respond. Amazon was kind enough to email me to offer support; I'm afraid the first question will be, "Is it plugged in?" I'm not tech savvy, but I also have some sense.
Not what I expected, I am not satisfied with the product
It is a pretty cool device. Not too friendly for the music I already had to get it to play them. My main use was to operate my ADT Pulse security system. It acts as a third party app and the question gets too lengthy and does not always find the device I wanted the first time. I took it back. Maybe the newer version coming out will work better.
Amazon account dependent speaker with decent sound
Fun for the first few days, but we hardly use it now after figuring out it can't answer many of our queries.
Alexa is entertaining for music, questions etc. I was hoping for something more advanced, like being able to reminder for an appointment 15min before the appt. is schedule. You can set a reminder for 15 minutes....but only from the time you ask alexa...good for cooking but not much else
It's the thing to have, to go along with the crowd, but it ends up being very much underutilized. I'm sure it's capable of more than making a shopping list and doing a flash briefing. But we don't have the time to learn. Other than that, it works just fine.
Will not stay connected to WiFi. When it is connected, device has to be within 6-8 ft. of router. Need this in the kitchen. Don't want to walk 25+ feet to use it. My other wifi devices work everywhere in the house as well as most of yard and garden. So I don't get it. Sick of looking at it - useless.
Does not do as much as expected. Has a hard time finding information. Has to have extra things to work well I.e. Monthly fee
Not easy to setup. Everything is apps which you must memorize the directions. Need to take a course to use. Not user friendly.
Review is based on the fact that I have not able to make a connection with the device.
I love how easy it is to use and setup the Echo you just plug it in and you are ready to go.
Product works ok. It's user friendly. I don't really need or use it much after purchasing it. For those that like it ..what a bargain
Many great features but the speaker does not meet expectations. I also have a google home. I ended up putting the google home in the living room because the sound was Better and put the Echo in the bedroom. I would also think it would be nice to have a plug to attach a speaker. You can use blue tooth but if your going to use a dedicated speaker to improve sound it would be nice to have the option.
Alexa is not able to answer more than basic querys
little more complicated than i thought ,had to buy a harmony remote for tv to do what i wanted it to do.commands must be very specific
There are some privacy concerns as recently reported in the news and the device is limited without a paid subscription to Amazon Music.
Alexa did not powerful as Siri of Apple. It can not play YouTube. It is very limit to play music. It is required to open some accounts to play music.
Very limited in capabilities. I am used to using "OK Google" on my phone.... Alexa is nowhere near as helpful or intuitive. It's more like Siri Wish it were easier to put iTunes purchases in the Amazon library for Alexa to play. That said, I knew what I was getting. Hoping the technology improved within a couple years.
Returned it in 2 days. Digital assistants have a long way to go.
a lot of the times Alexa will come back and say I don't understand the question get very annoying
Most of the things you ask it, it doesn't know the answer to
I have not been able to get alexa to answer most questions and it is difficult to figure out how to delete your prior questions.... I think it is more of a novelty and good for playing music, but if you think you will be getting great info, your online web search is far better, this is very basic.
If I could give it a lower rating, I would.This is nothing more than a speaker, and a big one.It is NOT wireless so you cannot even take it outside w/o a power source. You cannot ask questions and have Alexa search answers. Very expensive. Would like to try google but since I cannot return this - I can't justify the price. Everyone said give it time to like Alexa. I gave it too much time and did not realize you had to return within a time frame (my bad).
There were many questions unanswered, I think apple Siri is better.
I would say about 50% of the questions you ask are answered - far too much I do not know. You do not get that same level when yopu google something so not sure why the difference. I would hope there would be further upgrades you can download.
Alexa is great and performs well. Biggest issues are Bing is a horrible search engine and is inevitably wrong vs Google. Many times it doesn't understand the question or gives wrong answers while OK google gives much better repossess. Also Amazon music is somewhat limited. Should allow ability to play Sonos or iTunes libraries.
It's nice but there are too many specific lines to remember to get her to talk to you. Also your family gmail calendar does NOT connect if on iCloud with iPhones so she will not know your families calendar. Needs updates and she should be able to answer you by a question and not a specific way you must say things with the skills
Many of our questions to her she miss interpreted or replied as not understanding what we were looking for. Distance for her to hear us was minimal. I returned this one and purchased the "Google" and this one is much better and more knowledgeable with answers. Both devices recommend using the phone app and also making other purchases for more usage of items that may be available. I didn't expect additional charges and so I'm not to thrilled with either one but I did keep the Google device in hopes of better to come in the future.
It would be nice if there were more interaction with Home Entertainment Deivices. Only purchased because works with Harmony Remote.
Should come capable of doing more out of the box!!
Returned it.. didn't work like we thought it was so supposed to. Pain on the butt.
Works and recognized a lot of commands but doesn't work when the music is high.
She never has an answer for anything, she has to always be connected to an outlet, too hard to connect to other devices
I thought this product would be a lot better than it is. It is not as smart as they say it is. It has a long way to go.
It is a neat gadget; can do some things like track items for a shopping list and setting timers that are great. I would have expected it to be better at telling me things like when is TV show X on and what sound does a Cardinal (bird) make. All were met with "I didn't understand the question." Alexa should be more intuitive than that and should learn and grow as you go along, she does not. You also have to ask things in a way Alexa will understand. For example, you cannot say, "Alexa, turn out the lights in the kitchen." That "does not compute." But if you say, "Alexa, shut off the lights." She will do as you ask. I had to start writing down the "correct" way to ask her things so I would remember them. Again she needs to learn and adapt; not happening so far.
It is a great idea needs some improvement,lots of questions asked,its reply is I don't or can't answer that.
I enjoy the Alexa for music using Pandora. Unfortunately, I can not listen to music that is on my iPhone. I've done all the things that it told me to do to download music to the Alexa app but it still does not recognize the songs. Also, it seems that the Alexa only uses Bing for looking up information from the internet and not google. So, she's very limited in providing information when asked a question. Maybe, it's not that compatible with apple products and best used with families who have windows based products.
Got both Echo and Dot. About 5 times a day I loose connectivity. Worked with tech support 3 times. Now, they suggest I have to adjust Motorola router settings to make the router compatible. More time!.
It's ok but not sure it's worth it chance of misorder
I do like some things about this but I still believe it cost to much
Alexa has a hard time answering. You need to download information online in order to build her data base.
You have to pay for every thing -any thing you want to do --you do not pay for the tempter, time and joked. You owe your money to amazon. A unique toy for the rich. What a bargain???????
Honestly I see no difference in this and the iPhone.
I have Alexa now 5 months running.You would expect, that Alexa can anwser many, many questions. It can (maybe), but you have to know which App has the answer, you have to install the app and you have every time to say a special commands . Stupid. Alexa is out of the box very stupid. And after investing hours - she is not much more knowledgeable. It's a stupid AI.
Received Echo as a Bday present. Returned and purchase the Dot.Saved about $150. Love the Dot.
Concerns about syncing our phones to Echo and difficulty loading music was a deal breaker. Maybe its operator error. Not for us.
Echo is Ok, but I am just not seeing the product value provided for the cost. Many times Alexa doesn't understand what we are saying and is extremely frustrating to my wife and child. Speaker sound is good quality, but not at all impressed with the AI capabilities.
I returned this to the store cuz I realised I didn't need music or lighting control. I replaced it with the echo dot. Disappointed because didn't know I needed wifi which I don't have.
Just ask or command the machine does it...getting really lazy now LOL
I probably have to learn more ways to use it but right now it is just okay. Does not seem to know answers to many questions asked. I guess I expected more from ti
I had a chance to see the Google Home in action before I purchased this and now wished I had picked the Google Home. I have yet to have Echo answer a question for me without saying she cannot answer the question.
News, weather and music. That is pretty much all we use it for. If you have Amazon Prime it's nice to just request certain music to play. Sound is ok, not terrible, not great.
Serves it's purpose. Pretty neat features, I like it.
So sorry I bought this, had to change its wake up name to echo from Alexa it wouldn't answer to Alexa, on a scale of 1-10 with 1 being terrible I'll rate it a 2 most of the time didn't know how to answer or didn't understand the question, did all the self help and with amazon customer service am ready to return it
Love voice controlling my lites and small appliances, but there are some bugs to work out, sometimes have to ask twice, sometimes does not recognise them, but I am patient, uses Bing as a search, not impressed,
This item is useless to play music through voice recognition unless you pay for an amazon prime or Amazon music account. Once that is disconnected she only plays your music through manual control from a blue tooth connection from your phone. Pointless!!! More than half the questions I ask her she doesn't know the answers to. The only thing she's good for so far is the time and weather. That basically the most expensive blue tooth speaker and clock I have ever purchased. I want my money back
I was very interested in the Echo and respective echo dot based on potential functionality. While there are some good qualities, the overall voice automation and functionality haven't lived up to the hype yet. Pros: sound quality for music is fantastic, kids enjoy asking Alexa questions, overall family fun. Cons: even after a full month of learning my voice, Alexa continues to frequently answer "I don't know what you are asking", at random times, Alexa will start talking without any prompt, setting up additional controllable items and syncing are not as easy as Amazon would have you believe, and worst experience....every time an amazon echo commercial comes on tv to promote the product, my Alexa replies to the TV commercial as if it were me saying "Alexa...."
It's a nice idea if you have a need for such a gadget. My opinion was it wasn't worth the money. Computers and smart phones do mostly the same thing so why have an additional gadget. It might be more worthwhile for someone that wants to use it for running smart gadgets around the house. Not for me so I returned it.
I had a hard time trying to work this it could not understand me most of the time everything seem to be hard to work for me.
Amazon Prime was required in order for us to use the Echo the way we wanted
I was excited about purchasing the Amazon echo but when I received it after about 2 weeks I had to return it because a lot of times Alexa did not hear me or understand what I asked.
The best thing about the echo is the sound quality. Too many times Alexa doesn't have the answer to your question. Too many skills required to make Alexa useful. I like to use it as a radio. Will play most radio stations across the country.
I received this as a Christmas gift. I was excited about this new product and downloaded the Alexa App. I am not an Amazon Prime member and I did not joined the free trial. I asked questions to my Alexa and it usually did not provide any answers, or couldn't understand my questions despite giving simple commands. The device looks good and the LED light on top that turns on when you speak to it is great. Sound is good for music. However, I did not feel that it was a good assistant. I did not like that you have to download skills to make Alexa have more function. You always had to speak Alexa, and then ask the skill you downloaded. It then gets to a point that you don't even remember what skills you downloaded so you always had to look at your phone or mobile device to see what you had. I exchanged it for the Google Home and it has been a better device. It plays music from Google Music and not only music that you have purchased. It answer a lot of questions and gives you great news briefing instead of downloading the particular skills. It also provides more answers to questions and I was surprise by the detail of the answer at time. I highly recommend to Google Home device. I have not tested it with chromecast, Smart TV, or with Smart home appliances such as Nest, etc.
Sometimes you have to be very specific on where to find the information. For example, if Alexa does not know the answer, I have to tell her to look in Wikimedia
Family of 5 and now 6 with Alexa. Seriously she adds another element to our family entertainment and smart home utility. Kids play games with her, like 20 ?s, jeopardy, riddles, jokes, and daily Easter eggs. While the adults like smart concerts, sports highlights, news briefs and all the things your "Siri" can do, by more. Like turn on/off your lights, coffee maker, tv, and whatever else you hook your smart outlets to.(sold separately) Now for the "Alexa bugs." More often than not, we find ourselves repeating commands. Attempted fix, by using voice training multiple times in areas we are most when aroud Alexa. Saw minor improvement. We also wish the command to increase or lower volume was more efficient. Shouting "Alexa, volume 5 multiple times after a song you liked was at volume 7 or higher is annoying. We've learned to manually adjust her volume at the base which we can do with our old stereo? I was curious how Alexa would respond to 5 different voice patterns. Surprisingly , once she hears her name and the command prompt, she responds correctly 89% of the time.My wife tells me I'm cheating on "Siri" and "Cortana" as "Alexa" has quickly won my heart and my kids as well. We're glad we went with this, not the dot or google home. If you plan on making voice purchases as commercials advertise, careful- your kids might order 50lbs of cookie dough as Alexa doesn't recognize who's voice is ordering it. Overall, the gimmicks wear off, but we routinely enjoy smart concerts and our smart light system. soon we will be asking these robots to do our dishes, laundry, cook, or whatever else humans don't feel like doing. Hopefully I see this unfold in my lifetime- Brunsch
When I first saw this product it was a must have for me. I researched this product for weeks and was happy with what I had read. After getting the product home I must say it was OVER RATED!. This product is not user friendly, only 1 user can register, Alexa does not have the answers to much. I returned it after 5 days. Very unsatisfied
Has good sound but when it comes to answering commands it seems to be a little on the ignorant side
This thing has major connectivity issues, save your money and wait for a later version.
It's technically sound, but not extremely useful. Perhaps future updates will make it more useful.
Need to explain all required' hookups' to less non technical elderly people for sure.
Love being able to just ask it to do things however there is a learning curve. You have to also kind of teach it what you want.
You have to purchase to many accessories for it to work.
I have to say Alexa has been a great disappointment. Most of the time she doesn't know the answer to anything and tells us that she doesn't understand the question. I thought this thing was supposed to get smarter as it goes along. We had to sign up for AMAZON Prime and Unlimited Music just to actually listen to decent music. When she does know a command for example like say "Loop Mode" when you want her to repeat a song... most of the time she understands that. And then there are a lot of times when she simply beeps out or even says she doesn't understand the question no matter how many times you say it. We use her mostly for a timer, alarm, play music and for 6 questions of Jeopardy a day. Really needs a lot of improvement. Ask her what a dog says.. she says bow wow or woof. *Sigh* If she can only be basic on that answer, there isn't much more she is gonna get right. There are also a lot of pretty useless skills for her available. We got it at a discounted price thankfully and I also got a Dot for in the bedroom at a cheaper price. Dot is even worse at listening to commands than Echo is.
We like the convenience that the echo offers but it seems to fall down on some things. For example, store hours are often not available when asked. Wondering if the Google Home wasn't the way to go.
I was somewhat disappointed to discover Alexa could not seem to answer what I thought were fairly simple questions (mileage distance between locations, etc.). Additionally, I was not comfortable upon discovering the product constantly recorded conversations.
I purchased this item on the recommendation of many existing owners. However, when I got home and attempted to set up the device, it was frustrating and the instructions/FAQs were not very helpful. The echo could not find my NEST thermostat, nor could it find about half of my HUE lights. Once I argued and fought with Alexa for about 45 minutes, she finally started to pick up my lights and after COMLETELY re-configuring my thermostat, she could see it, but she would not work with it. Once she found all of my lights, she would turn them on or off, but would not change colors or brightness levels. I run a software company and have worked in and with computers my whole life. This should not have been this quirky. I would not recommend this item. Get a Google Home.
Not as comprehensive as I thought.Basic questions avaid her perview.I hope there will be some software upgrades soon.
This product is fun, but it does not understand a lot of your questions. It is not a user friend item. So it is limited to very few things it can do. For the money, it needs a lot of work. I was expecting more. But it is a toy to have.
Not bad,but returned it and bought a dot to go with my soundtouch 20. Would recommend this if your not fussy about your music.
Until I buy all the lights and linked products this is just a radio with limited stations.
There are a lot of questions that were not answered. I just like the fact that I don't have to get up and turn off the lights.
bought this to see the difference from google's product. was not happy, google was more responsive and easier to use. returned product 2 days later!
It takes practice and getting familiar with it. It is fun.
This item is ok,haven't really used it to the full extent need to learn more and figure out what other benefits it has to offer.
Traded in the Echo for Google Home after trying both. Did the training questions but still found it could only answer 6 of 10 questions. There were many specific apps but trying to remember the cues words is more difficult. Google home answers without cue words the first time and can extend a conversation based on the first question. Can ask for driving times to destinations without an app, same for getting a cocktail recipe. Very dry responses where GH has personality. Try them both before deciding what is best for your needs.
Bestbuy came through before the holiday better than Amazon--item available, arrived within 2 days, competitively priced. Great service there. My problem is with disappointing performance by Echo. Siri wins over Alexa. Issues encountered:1) a skill will be installed, but Alexa will tell me first, I need to install the skill and second, that the skill is already installed. User is stuck in a do-loop with no response.2) access to quick 1-sentence read from Wikipedia is appreciated, but if you ask 'tell me more,' Alexa's voice is so rushed and computerized, some of the information is unintelligible.3) tons of skills, but so many of them are at a micro level and others are 1-time gimmicks. If you are not careful, you then need a skill to help you with all the skills you've installed.4) responses on some of the more interesting skills are just plain wrong. Vocabulary on word master is limited, so you will told your response is not a word that begins with "X" and we have had instances where our correct response on Jeopardy is reported as not correct. In one skill about a magic door (?) a clue is described, but when selected, you are sent backward a step with the same clue offered again. Frustrating and makes you feel you are doing something wrong or not speaking clearly. Children can get frustrated quickly.5) access to music is quirky. Some pieces by classical composers will play only a few minutes of a selection, abruptly stop and begin a new piece. But some singers and ambient pieces will play for hours.Positives: flash briefing, weather, word definitions, Pandora access timer.
The Echo is good, but doesn't know the answer to what I consider, some basic questions. i.e. 3 top scoring players in the NBA. I suppose as it updates info, more information will become available.
First got it for my wife who loves tech toys. We played with it and laughed and laughed. But after awhile it's used less and less as it can't find answers to things.
I can say it does recognize every accent, but there were too many questions unanswered.
Had all kinds of problems in registering it and getting it to work Had Customer service from Best Buy, Amazon and my internet provider trying to help, but to no avail.
If you enjoy music do not buy, you cannot send a Bluetooth signal out to an external speaker. She is not as smart as Siri and answers basic basic questions. I deal with it because I bought the WeMo fixtures for lights and switches and she works fine with those. I would recommend the echo dot if you would like to make her louder or like music loud
I really wanted this as a Christmas present however it's nothing like the ads. Alexa works sometimes and then not. I can't get her to play music or listen to the radio through her. Very disappointed. Plan on taking it back.
Cant answer as well as Amazon wish i had waited and bought Amazon
The eco is great if your a lists person or want to order Pizza. Yes it can control lights and locks but it doesn't support my remote lights I have now. The Eco just can't answer technical home work questions like the Google can
Does not have answers for a lot of questions. But is fun to have
It wouldn't connect with any of my smart home items it wouldn't understand some commands
This product is great for reading you the news, a book or the weather. Alexa is great at setting timers and alarms and telling silly jokes. If you ask Alexa a "google" type question such as "What was the score to 'such and such' college basketball game", most times she cannot answer even if you pose the question a number of ways. Sometimes, you can ask a question differently from the way you would intuitively ask a question and Alexa will answer. This proves frustrating to me. It is a very expensive gadget that your phone can easily do with a few keystrokes. I am considering returning it and purchasing the google product to see if there is an improvement.
The Echo is not very good at answering questions. It is good at playing music and telling you the weather. I'm sure it will get better, but it is more of an annoyance with a toddler in the house. It does tell cute jokes, but it says "I'm sorry I can't find that answer" more often than not. The sound is quite good from this model, and works well with Spotify.
Mostly good for shopping lists and listening to music getting game scores etc. Hopefully will have real search functions in the future. Easy setup. Phone app
For me, it is only great for playing english-language music. I may try to connect to light switches and socketsss through something like nest, but until then, answering questions about history and societyit fails.
Alexa is handy but doesn't always work. We have two lights outside and sometimes both with turn on or off when commanded and sometimes only one will turn on or off.
She is like my personal assistant, but I wish she is as smart as Siri... but since there is no one else like her, she will do for now.
Echo simply did not do anything it was advertised to do. Basic weather was sporadic and more detailed questions resulted in "Cannot find response".
Must have Amazon paid service to play music from the cloud and must be set up from the mobile app. Not portable. Cannot connect to Fire tv. Took some getting use to for me to get the commands right to change my nest thermostat. Must use the app to install 3rd party skills to the app to control smart devices.
Bought this as a present for my boyfriend, and we both were very disappointed. I read lots of reviews and thought it would be an awesome gift to give. Alexa is a Siri downgrade. Don't waste your money on this.
I was excited to purchase the Amazon Echo, but when I thought that I could carry it out on the beach I was a little disappointed. If it had the capabilities to have a battery life to use without being plugged up it would be excellent.
Very easy to setup up and can be used to automate home using smart skills. I use to control hue lighting and nest products. Only complaint is she is not as smart as they say. Constant updates are making her better but lacking a lot of information when asked. Emails are sent with update info. 90 percent on voice commands. Wish it came with optional remote for when you are out of range of voice
It's an ok device. No more useful than a Bluetooth speaker connected to a smart phone.
It is very good, but very limited to the number of applications that it can support.
We returned this item after 2 weeks. It took a lot of repeated request to get it to listen to us and it just wasn't as easy to use as I thought it would be.
Alexa is great when asking about the weather, or when wanting to play some music quickly. However, majority of the questions I ask it cannot find. I think that the questions are pretty simple too. She will answer questions with direct answers like "whats 2+2" but if you go much further she wont respond.
It was fun for few weeks until my kids starting asking all sorts of questions to Alexa. Amazon released a smaller version of Echo called Amazon DOT. Which is for half the price of Echo. DOT doesn't have speaker like Echo. But for people who are not playing music through Amazon Echo, DOT might be the way to go
Good just complicated too many apps to download...
Wasn't what I thought it would be. Not a good investment.
Alexa can do basic things, hard to find tune skills
This is a neat product but did not fit my needs.I have several bluetooth devices and some could not be recognized so I did return it. Might be good for others as what did work worked ok.
Good speaker but limited if you don't have a big music collection. I wish it did more
So I was excited to get this when Best Buy started caring them. The thrill for was short lived. First week was fun to use it for music, weather, cooking, and jokes. But after that I lost interest. Attaching to my Hue lights and Nest were a longer process to make it work. I'd rather pull my phone out. Plus with a 2 story house it is useless if not on the same floor. Maybe I'll buy it again or a 2nd version when its released
This is great for a connected home. People who use this should buy it if they plan on making everything in their home wi-if enabled. Otherwise it's an expensive SIRI.
Let's be realistic on two fronts about the Echo: (1) I'ts fun to play with, a novel idea. (2) There are some serious flaws and if you doubt me you can try these yourself. Ask Alexa these three questions:(1) "What is the Customer Service Number for UPS?". You'll be told the phone number of your nearest UPS store. No matter how you phrase the question.(2) "Alexa, what is the current humidity outside?". You'll get the days weather report no matter how you pose the question. Seriously, it cannot even provide the Humidity?(3) "Alexa, Who makes the 747 Jet?". You'll hear "Hmmm, I'm not sure what you meant by that question. So throw in a clue with "Alexa, who makes the Boeing 747 Jet?" and you'll hear the same answer. And this product is alleged to go out to the web to pull down information from Wikipedia, et al?(4) The reproduction of music is egregious at best. Read anywhere on the Internet and you'll see this mentioned time and time again. It's very, very bad. Imagine a 1960's Transistor Radio not quite tuned well..(5) The voice quality sounds like something from a Commodore-64 back in the 1980's. Another very common complaint you'll read about in reviews.This is going back tonight. Not worth the $179.00 and I feel it's slated to go the route of the Pet Rock (for those who remember it).
I purchased the Amazon echo a little over a month ago. I like the concept of the echo but unfortunately it's not as responsive as I had hoped. Trying to get local news is nearly impossible. It's also not in sync with my Amazon account. Packages I ordered on Amazon that are delivered, it will still tell me are still in route. I think the speaker is a decent quality and I stream music quite often. I probably would not buy it again. Too expensive for the limited things it can do. Again, I like the concept but it still needs a lot of improvements.It's advertised as though it will make your life easier but other than creating a shopping list for me, I have not had an overwhelming life enhancing experience.
After the initial trial questions found our Alexa's vocabulary is minimum and does not respond most of the time.
Alexa is tall, slim and attractive but too jealous to use Google and that makes her rather dumb. And she is just a shill for Amazon prime. Dropping the personification, music volume changes annoyingly with different songs and over time. The database Amazon Echo draws from is very limited: Alexa can tell you what the weather is but not what the most common woman's shoe size is; what Serena Williams' age is but not how many guns Ruger sold last year. Stand by for more tech-savvy companies to take the Echo concept to maturity.
I purchased this product during a recent sale. I am loving it. From streaming music to my phone, setting alarms, checking my schedule, and playing music. I also purchased some smart switches and am able to control several devices using my voice. Lately I have noticed that I am having to repeat the wake up phrase sometimes. However, this is not a big deal.
It is okay so to speak. It does what it says it will. I feel it has much more potential however and look forward to updates.
Nice sound quality and connects to my iPhone. I listen to Pandora and books and it's great
Mainly use for music and to-do/shopping lists. Inquiries about basic information are answered with accuracy, but more complex questions ("describe the limbic system", etc) are not answered. Sound is average.If you are looking for in depth answers, this device will disappoint you. Great for fairly common stuff.
Not what I expected .. This thing pretty much runs according to skills & not just ask a question & it searches the Internet. I find Siri much better because it does search the net. I can ask the same question the same way & you always get an answer with Siri but not with Alexia. It always say I do not understand the question. Again this thing needs much improvement & it's not worth the price tag especially when Siri is included with my iPhone.
The echo is a nice speaker that has the added bonus of being able to respond to questions and give sometimes useful information. However in regards to it being capable of serving as the brain of an integrated, automated home, it lacks much. I purchased it to use with Philips hue bulbs and I was hoping my fire tv. Although it shares the same software with the fire, and logically should be able to work together, it does not. Echo will not connect to or control the tv. As far as the Philips hue bulbs, it can turn on individual bulbs, or even a group of bulbs IF, and only if, you remember the exact phrase or name you gave it. It cannot dim the lights, set light scenes or any of the cooler options the Philips hue bulbs are capable of. I wound up going back to using my iPhone which respond to voice command of 'hey Siri' better than the echo anyway. If I had to do it over again, I would have saved the money and gone with a simple Bluetooth speaker for my phone as it can already do many of the things the echo does. Only difference is that the phone doesn't have as big of a range for voice pickup.I did give the echo three stars, because the one thing it does well is respond to questions, like what's the weather like. That feature is interesting but not worth paying nearly $200 for.
I think Ok Google can do the same or more. I found annoying by saying Amazon or other echo names repeatedly to get some answers if you get them. May be in future I may try when it is more practical
Alexa is OK for basic weather and turning on/off a light you have linked on your network. She still has some issues understanding basic commands and i would love to see skills from major airlines that allow you to check flights before you drive to the airport. The music sound quality is good and you have to be an Amazon Prime member to really see value there. Hopefully, in a year it will turn out to be a good investment.
Takes to many requests for Alexa to understand what you want. Have to ask several different ways to get most radio stations. When you ask for Rush Limbaugh, you get country music stations. Alexa must be sending me a message.
Amazon echo dosent hear well when the music is on full blast, but when you do get thru she's very acurate .
I like Alexa, but limited. Can't connect with I-Tunes account yet. Can only set a one time alarm with 24 hours and cannot make it recurring. I see improvements weekly, but still a long way to go.
I am an old guy and I am having trouble trying to get the unit up and running. I decided I really should return it but it was past the return date. It is back in the box waiting to find time to try one more time or put it on ebay.
I bought one for myself and a couple as gifts, it's cute but still haven't figured out what's so great about it. I will say that it does pick up your voice throughout a huge room.
It's a fun little toy but lacks practicality. In order to make it user friendly, I recommend a battery for it. You will also need Amazon prime in order for the music to play worth a darn. Otherwise you will be stuck searching through your phone for your song.
Responds quickly. Hears my command from quite a distance. If you buy into google schedule (monthly fee) it helps you keep track of appointments birthdays etc.
I thought it would do more, eg. be able to integrate with my cell phone to make calls or send text messages
Not sure what all the hype is about, this AI is remedial at best. It responds with the exact same answer to vastly different questions. Not intuitive at all. Save your money.
This is a neat little device but really not that good for much. I am sure it will improve in the future but I would recommend waiting it out.
A little disappointed with my first experience with AI. You have to learn to communicate with Alexa to get results. I feel like she should have to learn more about me than I her. However I understand she is a GEN 1 and would expect that future versions will closer be to the Jetsons than something that keeps telling me "I didn't understand what you said"! I doubt Amazon will update the existing units with better technology they will want to you to buy it all over again instead of making a loyal or invested customer happy. She does have a lot knowledge you just have to figure how to ask for it or download an additional skill/Application.
It's a pretty good device but still has some issues with voice recognition
It did some things really well, like setting alarms and playing music, but there were too many times I would ask Alexa a question and she would respond saying she didn't know. I ended up returning it. Great promise, I just don't know that it is there yet.
I purchased this item for the home automation integration. Its pretty cool for just saying "Alexa, turn on my kitchen lights". Integrates with all the large players in home automation, Wink, Smartthings, Philips Hue, etc. Its also works well as a bluetooth speaker, streaming from your phone or tablet. It also streams Pandora and radio stations via TuneIn.It doesn't do anything useful other than that, besides simple queries about weather, etc.
I was hoping for a 'google' experience, but it isn't there yet. There is a lot of questions that it can't answer. I hope, and expect it to get better. The music player is a nice feature that I use frequently.
If it understands your question it works quite well. I enjoy it for music and basic knowledge.
My hubby bought this for me since I was constantly googling questions on my phone. I was so excited to start asking it questions..... the only problem is Alexa doesn't have any of the answers. Music sounds great on it but that's about it. Not impressed. Save your money.
I am not impressed at all I think you should save your money and get a smart watch instead. This is a expensive item and doesn't do enough for the money you spent. The weather timers adding things to your calendar that's just not enough half the things you ask her she said she doesn't understand
Had to spend 2 hours on line to make it work on line.
I am an Amazon fanboy. I'll say it right up front. This device, although nice, currently has limited functions, especially considering the $200 price tag. So until more useful functions (linking to Google Now for instance) are added, I can only give my Echo as much as it pains me to do so, an average rating. Nice to have if you have extra cash sitting around and you don't mind waiting so see if useful functions will be added, but without Android syncing and functions,or the ability to control for example,TV channels, it's far from Amazon's usual "gotta have it right now!" category.
I Ive used this for a month now. It works great 75 percent of the time. Alexa doesnt always understand you. The mic doesnt hear you when your 20 feet away.
I really liked the idea of having a device I could talk to out of nowhere that would answer (although our cells phones can do similarly, but you have to turn them on and press buttons, etc.). It is also gratifying to be able to tell a device to play music and it does. I was quite disappointed in the ability of Alexa to answer any serious questions. Jeff needs to pay to send his programmers back to search school. So many times Alexa says a phrase similar to I don't understand the question So basically I paid for a radio. I paid extra for the larger one, but the output is still no different than a clock radio. Come on Amazon!!!
Since it is called powerfast, I thought it is a fast charger but it is not fast at all. It worked but it took about 5 hours to charge an almost empty Kindle Fire HD 8 inch tablet.
I bought this because the package said it was a fast charger only to find it charges at normal speed... That was disappointing. I'm pretty sure I'm not doing anything wrong. It seems pretty self explanatory... :/
it does not charge any faster than regular charger.
Crazy that you have to buy these separate for some kindle products that should come with one
The only problem that I had is that it should have been included with the Kindle Paperwhite. There is no way to charge the Paperwhite unless you buy the charger. The charging port on the Paperwhite is so small that nothing that I already have will work. Kindle does not even provide a USB cable so that you can charge from your computer. The outlet plug is cheep plastic (hollow) and will probably break, no warranty.
I just used this after receiving it a few days. I tried a couple times to use it, but my Kindle registered connected to a low power charger. Too expensive for this to happen. I've never written a negative review till now.
got this newer charger as it was indicated to charge faster than the one that came with my fire hdx 8.9 4th generation tablet. well i am currently using this new charger and am getting alerts on the fire tablet that i am hooked up to a low power charger it is plugged directly into the wall socket with the 5ft micro-usb cable i also just bought for it. this is not right. is it junk is it false advertising is the fire tablet wrong in its notification what is the deal amazon. i have been a loyal user but this is really not right.
I connected my Fire HD and another tablet to this power fast adapter and got a low power connection message. I purchased 2 chargers and will be returning them. The fire tablet charging process took a very long time. I eventually unplugged it and connected to another charger.
1 star...because it worked 1 time and stopped working.Returned it the very next day!My husband's Nexus charger and the Belkin 10W charger (that he got to replace this charger) do a GREAT job charging my Kindle Fire 8.9 HDX!
Worked wonderful and fast the first couple of weeks and then just stopped working. I understand that sometimes things are just a defective piece so I logged into Amazon and attempted to exchange it,, but found out the window for exchanging it had closed. I would have attempted to return it sooner but I was out of state for several weeks visiting and helping my daughter who had just given birth to triplets, and so I'd decided I would just wait till I returned home to do it. By the time I got around to it, it was too late. So I totally wasted my money. If Amazon corrects this matter and send me a replacement, I will update my review.
I bought this charger Nov 28 2015. It's now Jan 1 2016 (a little over a month later) and the device doesn't charge my kindle any longer. I have the kindle shutdown and allow it to be plugged in for multiple hours. After I take the charger off and start to use my Kindle within 30 minutes I see the Low Battery message. If I use the charger that came with my Kindle for the same amount of time I don't see the Low Battery message as quickly as I did with this charger. Not sure what's going on but makes me think I have a faulty device -- costs a lot of money for something that doesn't work any longer than 1 month
This doesn't power anything. I got this for my dad for Christmas and we just thought his Kindle was bad..nope..tried it on other things and it won't charge anything...I want my money back or a replace meant...maybe this unit is just bad! But 20 bucks down the drain!
Truly I should have tried to get a refund. I threw out the packaging before I realized how poorly it works. This charger only works every third day when held at a particular angle. The planets almost need to align for it to charge my Kindle. Complete disappointment.
This thing is garbage! Do not buy! It is the slowest charger I've every had. It is NOT a fast charger. It is a disgrace that Amazon is offering this product as a fast charger, and discontinued the previous all black square, blocky fast charger which really was a fast charger. This thing is NOT a fast charger. Save your money. Amazon needs to seriously check their supplier, the manufacturer of this junk.Advertising this thing as a fast charger is totally deceptive.
Purchased for my son's kindle fire , plug in , and get a message that charging will be slow. I bought an OEM fast charger for this exact reason , to be fast , not even slower that a 3rd party.
It's a nice looking cover, will keep the Fire clean, but not particularly safe in a fall. (I have the black one. It is very professional looking.) No padding whatsoever. It does wake the Fire up when opened (and shut down when closed) but that has never been important to me. My problem with all of the cases is that you have to hold the cover out in order to keep the camera clear and it makes clicking the shutter a little awkward. I'd like to see an opening on the front cover that matches up to the opening on the back so you can have it folded in half and still be able to view the subject.
I only bought this because you can't get the origami case in this size. This one isn't as sturdy as the origami case and slides so that my kindle falls down a lot :(
Just got this as a Christmas gift and it doesn't stand.. Nothing to secure it to make it stand.. You can get it to stand maybe to watch a video, but don't touch it. It will fall down easily. Certainly don't stand it and actually use your Fire HD6 with this cover.. You can't.. Falls right over. I feel really badly for the special person that bought me this. Waste of money. I had already bought my own cover, for a lot cheaper, that has more shock protection and that one won't stand on end, but at sits securely at a tilt which makes it more useful for me. The cheaper one I bought on Amazon also has a magnetic closer to the cover stays closed. This one does not. Not sure how to tell the person who bought me this that I don't like this one at all. I'll feel bad telling them, and they'll feel bad hearing it. Bad all around.
Not the best case Amazon has ever put out! I have a number of other Amazon brand Kindle and Kindle Fire cases for my various Kindle devices and this is the least effective of the bunch. It doesn't stand in any position, so I can't use my 6 hands free. It also doesn't line up properly when closed, so the Fire seems to come out of sleep mode, thus draining the battery more quickly. And finally, I have discovered that I do prefer the leather covers over whatever material this is made from. I understand that the cost of a leather case would probably be half the cost of the Kindle Fire HD 6...not that this case was any bargain at 30!!
Overpriced and should be FREE with Kindle Purchase
This is clearly taking advantaged of Kindle customers who lack a technical understanding of what it is. Go to Amazon and search: AC USB Chargers, many listings starting at two for 7.99.
If you own a tablet or smartphone, you already have one. If you don't, one of your friends/family will give you one of their three spares. These adapters are ubiquitous.While they're not all exactly the same, they all do the same thing. Worth about 2.
I thought I was getting a fast charger for the price I paid for this! It was 20 for this slow charger...the same price amazon charges for the fast charger. This charger should have been included with my Paperwhite...buyer beware this is way overpriced and should be free with the purchase od a kindle!!!
20 for a 5w, 1A wall charger! That deal is right up there with the 30 Hdmi cables best buy wants to sell you.Here is what you do, find an old cell phone charger laying around somewhere that says 5W, 1A(1000mA ) and use it. You can safely use up to 5.25 watts and anything between .5 and 1 amp (500mA-1000mA).If you don't have an extra cell phone charger lying around just buy a well reviewed power adapter with the above specifications that connects to your Kindle (micro USB). They can be found for under 10 locally or through Amazon.
I would like to rate this 3 and half stars - while the adapter itself works just fine, I think it is underhanded of Amazon to make you pay extra for it. Maybe I am not technologically up-to-date, but it seems to me that most people charge things at a wall socket not with a computer USB port. I think that I read that charging with USB takes longer as well. Just like an airline charging you for taking your bags on the plane, now Amazon is charging you for things you need to make the Kindle work - pretty soon you'll have to pay for the cord, guides and updates. Not very good customer service :(
I dont own this, first off. But 1 amp wont charge anything very quickly, and I only write this review because they advertised it on my Fire. The price is 19.99 as of this advert, and thats way out of line for a 1 amp charger.
We bought this because we thought it would be great for reading books and playing a few games. However, awkward size makes the device very weird to hold and generally not enjoyable. The Fire HD 8 shares the exact same specs and has a higher battery life. There's almost no reason to take this device over the 8.
I am reading positive reviews and wish I could say the same. Best Buy is great, so this is not a reflection on them, just our experience with the product. We have had this product for just over one month and I have had to contact Amazon Support, perform factory resets to get content to show up, and the device is poorly designed as the SD card pops out constantly, which messes with DRM, and does you no good if this happens when you are not connected to the Internet to fix it. We are returning, and spending the extra money for an iPad. Will not purchase another kindle device unfortunately just based on this experience. If you just use the device for reading, maybe this is for you, but trying to download information to SD card and actually being able to access it has been beyond frustrating, as well as having to do factory resets so content owned/ already purchased on Amazon would show up on the device in the library.
This is my 3rd Kindle. I have continued to move up on the screen size and this one is so easy to see and read. I do however sometimes have a problem with it when I am online. It can take forever to load up a site and move from page to page so that can be annoying. I have extremely fast internet so that is not the problem and when I check strength of wifi connection it always says excellent so not sure why it takes so long. Do not have that problem on my other 2.
Expected it to be a bigger version of the HDX but it was not. The email was bad and so was the calendar.
I had originally decided to get a kindle instead of an iPad due to the cost. It's a great screen and has good sound, but the battery is pure junk! I should have went with an iPad.
the first one I got was very slow. I turned it in today and this one works great
The only reason I chose 1 star is because of size. The length is disproportionate to the width. Awkward when holding it.
Over the past few years, I have purchased Kindle Fires for various family members. The workmanship for those Kindles in abysmal. Two weeks ago, my Kindle Fire HDX shorted itself out. I replaced it with Amazon Fire 10.1. This device does NOT hold a charge for more than three and a half hours. You read that correctly!. I have been using it on a daily basis, each time it needs to be charged, it does a repeat performance. There is absolutely NO way that I will ever purchase any device manufactured by Amazon, ever again. I tell it like it is, if you want terrible device performance, opt for the Amazon product. If you need a reliable device, look at other manufacturers for the options you need.
I thought the tablet would be a little wider, its just too long
I don't care for having to close each window separately I would prefer to be able to select close all or exit all
Got this Kindle Fire to replace a laptop that died. So far I have been very pleased. Finding new things that it can do. Not happy with the camera, but I might not know all the details about it yet.
Liked it a lot,, Liked it a lot, liked it a lot!!!
I had an old ipad and when it quit I decided to go for the amazon fire tablet--really only used it to play games and for entertainment....i hate it---battery life is very short I pretty much need to keep it plugged in at all times, and it freezes and just shuts out of screens. I can't take it anymore and am now going to buy another ipad---don't waste your money on this!! I am very unimpressed with this product and amazon in general now.
I love the kindle and have had one in one shape or another since they first came out, but I just could not take how slow this model was. I returned it and purchased a Samsung tablet.
I recently bought my fourth Kindle. I bought it because it is familiar and while there are improvements the keyboard is still difficult and not accurate. I also do not like the auto correct especially when writing a document. Browsing is quite good but I am a AOL user and Kindle makes it difficult to use. I definitely would like to see some improvement with making it easier to print.
For books games and internet it's perfectSound is a ittle weak
I do not find this as easy to use as my original Kindle Fire but I do like the camera a lot better, though it is not clear megapixels
It is great for a bigger picture but runs really slow.
Love the capabilities it has to offer.Downside, it totally shuts off by itself and you have to start what you doing all over again
I have always been pleased with Kindle Fire. In fact, I think I wore out my previous one. For some reason I cannot turn this one on and went to Best buy to ask someone to help me with it. But it seems you need an appointment even for this probably simple chore.
it wasn't worth my money to be honest but it is good whenever your bored
The Amazon Echo Tap is a nice & interesting device...but it did not fit my needs. I also have the Amazon Echo and absolutely love it. So what's the difference? A. You have to walk up the the Tap to touch it - this is not as convenient and not as fun as the talking to the Echo from across the room. B. The audio quality not very good - more like a small bluetooth speaker. C. The Tap is fine around the house when it's connected to the home wi-fi, but when you are out of the house it must connect to your cell phone or other wi-fi?? That is not going to work very well.
I own an echo and the tap. The tap is slower to respond. If you haven't used the echo then you will like the tap.
Since I purchased returned couple of times now is dead I have to return it again. My first problem didn't paired.
Overall for an Alexa product it does the same thing as all the other ones. This one is specifically portable and only needs to be put on the base for charging. The one main issue is that it is not voice activated (meaning it does not listen to you unless you press any of the buttons on top or the mic button in front. By having this feature, I could see it causing excess battery usage. Needs to be able to apps better.
hard to use, and does not support Guam. online instructions not clear
just okay! Product was for my girlfriend. Doesn't appear she uses it much except to steam music. Most of the questions I ask it I get nothing. I like Siri better.
I was really excited for this speaker. Got it all hooked up to my echo and was ready to go. Then I listened to the music. It has no bass. If you want something the has a good range of sound, this isn't it. It is focused on treble only. No low end. I ended up getting the JBL Charge 3. Love it
When it works it's great but for some reason it doesn't always answer me When it doesn't answer me I turn off the tv and make sure no one else is talking and it still doesn't work at that time. It was easy to set up with the phone app. Doesn't seem to matter where the phone is when it isn't working. I've tried close and far and in between. So a case of great when it works and the pits when it doesn't
I returned it because I wanted better sound...opted for a bose soundlink. Decent speaker with nice amazon prime/Alexa features...just not the sound I was looking for.
Great device I use it on a regular basis. good investment
We are unable to connect WIFI on this product. We have tried to follow the instructions to no avail. It is a useless and expensive item sitting on our table.
I recommend this speaker Easy to work great sound
I should have done some research before buying the Tap. I would have rather had the upgraded version that is voice activated. Also, I thought it would be more like Siri where you can ask anything. Alexa's answer to most questions is, "I don't understand the question." The Bluetooth speaker works fine.
You need to have amazon prime plus order a special music plan. Disappointing for sure. The sound is ok. I think the larger model is probably better.
Having to press to talk steals the real thunder of what the amazon echo can do.
Battery life is very long and the sound is surprisingly good. Alexa is not as 'smart' as the marketing would like you to think. I get a lot of 'I don't know the answer to that'
The portability is nice but misses key elements from the other two.Sound is good but this unit does not allow for the new peak in feature or allow you to add this speaker to play music all thru the house .
It works about 50% of the time when asking it a question.
Would buy the cheaper one than I bought.The echo is a better product
While it seemed to work fine, the Tap does not have the open mic feature. While that can be best for some, I bought it as a gift and they would prefer one that listens. The Tap makes you press the mic button every time you wish to communicate with Alexa, which seems to defeat the purpose.
I habe the echo and I bought this one fort my son's room but it's not as user friendly. I wish I would've just bought the other one.
Great sound, it needs to be a little more sophisticated in responding to inputs. For example, yesterday I told it to play Mexican music -- didn't know any, same with Mariachi Music. Could not play any, Odd,
If you want a Tap to make use of Amazon's Alexa voice services, then dont get one. The Tap is a fine enough Bluetooth speaker for wireless music, but the need to touch a button for voice services renders it far less valuable.
Alexa works great, but the the sound quality of this speaker is terrible, your much better off with a echo dot and bose sound link mini set up.
Amazon Tap.. got it on Black Friday sale.. But so far feel not as easy as I think to use.. But if you just use as Bluetooth speaker and sound is good.. Maybe just have to learn how to use it more..
I feel like I have been completely lied to about this device. Despite reviews claiming a hands free mode that does not exist in the settings. I just downloaded the app for the first time today and there is no hands free option to enable in settings. And Pandora said it's not available in the US on this Amazon tap. Thanks for ruining a birthday Amazon
I wouldn't buy it again...the software doesn't seem as well integrated with the hardware on this machine. I also have an Echo and I don't have the same connectivity issues with it that I do with this. I liked the features available with this...portability mainly with a long battery life, but with plagued by connectivity issues I can't say I would recommend it. I have looked at reviews online since purchasing and have discovered I am not the only one that feels this way. The sound, when it is connected and responding, is amazing.
For the price, you should be able to use as a speaker when talking on the phone. I had to use my daughter's Beats Pill for this function, therefore it's not worth all the hype.
This product is ok, wasn't too impressed with the commercial was defiantly more interesting
This product, while the speaker is great, fails to deliver with a voice interface. Use your cell phone or computer and buy an Echo Dot.
Could not get it to work properly. I put the app on my phone and my computer. I reached out for help. They responded and it still didn't work. I finally got frustrated and returned it.
The product works well. However, you have to hold down the button to use the best part of the device, Alexa. I really wanted to take it back because it can be a little annoying to hold down the button every time you have a question but the sound quality of this product is just so dog on awesome!!
Not too satisfied with the sound and it loses Bluetooth connection no matter what phone I use (either Iphone or Android).
Just really thought it would have been more useful without having to have to make additional purchases for music I like.
Doesn't understand some commands or Questions,but good overall
Has a very good Bluetooth speakers sound quality is good but otherwise she's pretty useless when it comes to get answering questions
The tap is a great concept, I love my echo so a portable one was that much better. However the sound is pretty terrible, no bass and can be scratchy.. It was a good concept just poor execution.
This review can not be valid due to the device did not work for me. I would put it down. Just upgraded to the ECHO instead of the tap.
Great sound..easy to connect..problem is.. its not voice activated..so u have to push the wake button anytime u need to use it..that means it has b close at hand...
It's very tin sounding no bass sounds terrible bought a bose sound link and a amazon dot to hook up to it
I bought this as a Christmas gift. I'm told that they are enjoying it and are very Happy with all it can do.
I'm thinking this must of been a fluke, it never worked. Had to return item but received full refund
We were so excited to get the tap since it was a larger speaker than the dot and unlike the echo has a battery charger with it to make it portable. We already have an echo which works perfectly in our home. When listening to online radio on the tap it cut in and out constantly. We returned it and exchanged gor the dot.
This is fun but would not buy again. Not very informative. Keeps say "I do not understand your question. "
Love the Dot, Hate the Tap Portable! This device will not hold a charge for even one day. The dots are amazing though.
I spent more time trying get it functioning than I did actually keeping this product. After a couple of days and never getting it to understand or follow my commands I returned it to BB. Also it kept trying to sell me products which I really didnt appreciate.
the speaker voice quality is terrible compare the similar size my logitech UE BOOM.the price is too high, even I got on promotion with $79
I was not overly impressed with this system. I didn't realize you have to buy Amazon prime in order to use the functions. It didn't connect easily to my phone. It wouldn't just stream music saved on my iPhone. I had to download a music app and then load my music into the app. It wouldn't work. Way too much work and added expenses in order to use. Wasn't happy with that so I returned it and purchased a jbl portable Bluetooth speaker.
Speaker is pretty loud and I love that I can take with me but the only downside is you have to hold the "home" button to use Alexa
Great Speaker but I really don't need the features. I just need good sound and don't really use anything besides that
My Echo hasn't updated to the latest version that allows for hands-free operation. I'm not sure what the problem is.
Much better than the echo dot. However, the fact that you have to touch the button to activate it instead of just talking to it is a bit annoying. Speaker is fairly powerful for its size.
Nice portable speaker but wish the sound quality was better.
I bought this and an AppleTV at the same time. The FireTV is just kinda OK. The interface isn't that intuitive and could use some polish. I had to enter the same username and password for multiple apps over and over (you only have to do it once on the AppleTV)...may not sound like that big of a deal, but it took much longer to setup.In my opinion, the AppleTV is a better product.
I returned this and purchased the 4th generation Apple TV instead, I liked the Apple features better. If you're not
I'm mostly happy, but like so many electronics, this one has a huge of built in advertising that you just can't get away from. There is no way to identify the aps you want to see first, and it always defaults the first click to an advertised movie for sell. It takes many clicks to get where I want, and the voice only works for purchases from Amazon, everywhere else you have to use the keyboard using clicks.
I can't figure out how to use without switching out the hd1 plugs continuously .
I was quite disappointed when I began working through the menus and discovered that my 2 year old Roku 3 was far more intuitive. Roku also allows searches of all of your subscribed services. If I am already paying a subscription fee to Netflix or HBO NOW and I can watch a tv show or movie without additional cost why should I pay Amazon to watch it? I am a fan of Amazon services and a Prime member but I also don't want to throw my money away. Roku is still the best.
Nothing really spectacular about this, weird interface. It is okay.
Software can be clunky to navigate. Certain apps are not available at this time for Amazon fire tv, only saving grace is my subscription to Playstation Vue
I got it because a frend that really lime it. I had apple tv and still think is better than this
I got this to use while I travel because you can connect to Wi-Fi that has a webpage for signing in, like pretty much all hotels require. It was awesome for about two weeks. At first it worked fine with my brand new awesome Samsung 4k tv, then a week later the tv didn't even recognize it. Apparently it doesn't pay nice with Samsung. Not a huge deal since I bought it for traveling, then it didn't display correctly on the hotel tv, it was just a tiny piece of the picture and it was jammed into the top corner and the rest black. The next hotel, it looked fine but there wasn't any audio. COME ON. Really stinks.
It's okay. When hooked up to my tv wirelessly, there seems to be a lot of lag. Seems to work better hard wired.
I hope to use it once I figure out how to use it. I am trying.
We had no customer support. We returned the item to the store.
We're an unplugged family - multiple devices (Kindles, iPads, Roku, etc.) - so we're pretty familiar with this sort of tech. Fire TV works okay, but the remote has started giving me problems and we've only had the product for about 6 months. Our Roku 3, which we've had for over a year, is much smoother and hasn't given us any problems. We also use a Chromecast, which also seems to be less quirky than the FireTV. I have a PS3 in the same room as the FireTV and I find myself going to the PS3 when the FireTV starts to annoy. Unless you're looking for a device that can also run Kodi, I'd strongly recommend the Roku 3 over the FireTV.
I got this because I didn't want to set another cable box in my room. I don't watch a lot of tv to begin with. What I like about the fire tv is that you can download apps such as the Uverse app from att and watch live tv from it. And other apps like history channel, Netflix, food channel. You can also buy an app that lets you connect your smart phone to the tv. So if you have a movie on your phone or laptop that the fire tv doesn't have, you can connect it and mirror it and it will appear on your tv. Almost as having a cable box but you only pay once and not every month for it. The control does get disconnected a lot, I don't know if it's the Amazon batteries or if it's the remote. Over its good for someone who doesn't watch a lot of tv.
Gives access to all streaming apps & doesn't seem too slow as far as responsiveness. Much better than the AF Stick. Haven't had any issues.
it is not free everything . have to pay and had return it to best buy store . wish free everything without cents . sorry
The product works well except the WiFi drops every so often. Restart the firetv and it's fine. Also, the remote will sometimes not work. Pull batteries and put them back in fixes it. Kind of sad for such problems cuz I love the firetv.
Everything I had read was a bit confusing on how the Echo can control it.. but low and behold it has the Alexa service built into it. The Echo CANNOT control the Amazon Fire TV which was the sole reason I bought it. Well.. also in hopes that HBO Now would have Surround Sound on it, but of course it didn't. So they're both at fault here and the reason why I returned it immediately. Since neither of the above worked, this made the device completely redundant with my Chromecast.
This item is the worst ever a d the tech support is even worst. Spent hour troubleshooting and their solution was to return it to Bestbuy a d get anotherone. So i did. And guess what? It didn't work ether. Basically the Netflix app can't be downloaded becuse the Amazon Fire tv won't let you and to make it worst if you're a fan of HBO brace yourself becuase the app isn't even available on their app store. HBO simply doesn't exist. I spent in total 4 days troubleshooting with the Amazon team actually managing the Fire TV remotely from their offices and the answer was that ether the equipment is defective or that they don't have Netflix or HBO available for it. REALLY ITS FREAKING ADVERTISED ON THE BOX. DONT WAIST YOUR MONEY. better get an apple tv or a roku
Decided to spend the extra money to get the model with more processing power for games. Other than the occasional heating up and the unit freezing, it serves its purpose
Although I had a Roku three that did most of what I needed, Playstation Vue isn't available but it is available on the Fire TV. If you have a prime membership, this is probably for you. If you are one of the people that don't like me, this is nothing but a way for amazon to get you to buy more stuff from them. You can't set the menu's to only show the content that you own and the apps that you have downloaded can't be put first on the list.
It was a great product but I purchased it for the Slingbox app. Last week it just stopped working on all my Amazon Fire Sticks and Fire TV. They say they are working on it but it has been about a week with no resolution. I am not the only one with this issue it seems to affect them all. Before that it worked very well. Better than expected. Not sure if they are going to get this fixed or not. If they get his fixed I would rate it a 4 to 5.
Tried IP controlling with a Control4 system, response was slow with button presses. Video quality seems better on Appletv
Works good, but a little cluttered display, I prefer the Roku
It works well when I use it everyday. However, it does not turn on when I do not use it for a few days. I pull out its power code and then it works again. I am not sure if I better to ask to replace it.
It's a really cool device with a ton of apps but it often will freeze if left on to long
I purchased this box in hopes of using it for the new Playstation Vue service which it did run pretty well. It does everything they say it does but one of the main issues I had with the original and still have with this is the interface. The layout for the main screen and the ads they throw in your face are just ridiculous. After using Roku for years, the Nvidia Shield TV, and the new Apple TV I would recommend any of those over this device any day. They offer a much cleaner interface and more functionality for the most part (except playstation vue).
Love it, but at times it just goes black. I have to unplug and hook back up order for it to work, sometimes multiple times. Same with the reg fire stick that i have on anther TV.
I purchased this device to stream movies to a room that had minimal apps. The I tried to activate Netflix, I kept getting an error on log-in. Then after contacting Amazon Tech help & researching found out that Amazon & Netflix parted ways and do not support each other. So, I returned the device and purchased the Roku4 instead to great satisfaction.
I had a hard time trying to stream movies even with a good internet connection ....was a little disappointed
It is ok for the average user. But it os not good enough for Kodi. The interface is ok, but a little too busy for me. I did not like the fact that I could not use my universal Harmony remote with it. Jodi also takes almost an hour to set up and it buffers way more than on the Shield.
It's good but to get more connection and less buffing get the one with the Internet cable
I purchased the firebox for tv in living room. I later purchased fire stick for bedroom. The box downloads faster. Amazon has lots of good movies and tv shows. Excellent music selection
First day of purchase it overheats. Defective product.
Buyer beware They say it's free tv...ITS NOT!You have to pay for everything! I wish I would have bought this before I cancelled my cable.
This doesn't have the ability to control volume or turn off and on the tv. Liked the programming didn't like the features.
it does what its supposed to do, turn ur tv into a smart tv altho chromecast has the upper hand because of its lack or chuggy connection to mobile phone
So, its ok. I mean, it's not as fast or as seamless as the Apple TV, but it's cheaper. This is my 2nd one. The first one bricked after 15 months of steady use, so because the warranty was expired I bought a new one. I got it home and the remote stopped working for it on the 2nd day. I had just spent a week going back and forth with Amazon trying to troubleshoot my bricked firebox so I wasn't about to delve back into the quagmire that is Amazon customer service. I ended up just downloading the remote app for it instead. If you're a prime member it's a good choice, but if your not just get an Apple TV or roku.
The old Fire TV's had an optical audio out S/PDIF, the new ones only have an HDMI output. Great if you have a new A/V setup that has HDMI pass-through on the receiver, not so good if you want to run video through HDMI and audio to your receiver.I should have probably considered a Roku.
Seems to be a great unit with great accessibility.
Have not used for standard fire tv features. Bought to run kodi, which it works fine for. Freezes occasionally needing hard reboot. Worth the extra $ over doing kodi on streaming stick which lacks memory / cpu.
i love the service when it works. several times it had to be reset and now it's finally dead. i've had it less than a yr now...
I would like this product a lot more if it came with a remote control that is not as small as the original
It works well, it's the same as using the firestick to me just cost more.
Hated it ! You have to purchase everything from Amazon ! Took it back within a couple days! Got the roku ,,,,, way better !
I had trouble with the device interfering with my internet connection. It would cause my wifi to disconnect. I could not toggle between the device and other devices. After I figured it out it works fine
very similar items as the stick. able to use a sd card in addition
It's just ok. Will work but not what I wantedTo controlled by Amazon
Easy to use.Easy to connect with cellphone and tablet to play YouTube. The product said it will upscale to 4k quality but the picture show on the TV is the same as regular product without 4K.
Never bought this item at all. So i guess you must have the wrong person
Item was DOA. Reached out to Amazon IT who this happens often. I stand gratification was thrown straight out the window. I returned the item to BB where I purchased the Appel tv. Much better product and works, which is more than I can say for the Fire TV. I give the item a 2 star instead of a 1 because Amazons IT was quick to answer the phone and troubleshoot.
It reboots sometimes but it beats paying cable bill
I have a hard time navigating the menus and use is not intuitive,
i purchased this in hopes of making my existing tv a smart tv, honestly i was kind of disappointed. for starters the remote quite a few times lost sync with the box and i had to download the fire tv app to reset the box. second it froze constantly in the middle of using amazon prime it would freeze up. now this might just have been the bad one in the batch, i dont know but i returned it and are looking for something different.
I bought this hoping to get a responsive android streamer, but was disappointed with the performance and the "4k" that was somewhat limited. I decided to return this and get an Nvidia Shield, which offers more value, instead.
It's hard to give a review cause it's stuck on Amazon home screen. It might be a good product but I don't know
Spectrum works with Roku and smart cast app so we had to return and get a roku. Don't buy if you want to stream Spectrum to TVs without a cable box.
I can't seem to be able to hook it up with my internet connection. I will be returning it to the store.
I tried this out for a few weeks and it does not have nearly the programs that it says it does. I would rather pay for Netflix or Hulu.
This product is no different than the fire stick in my opinion it does have more memory and an option where you can add an SD card to it but other than that it is the same as a firestick no reason to pay twice the money for this box
Bought the FireStick after daughter got one and loved it. Went to get a second and they were out of stock. Was told the FireTV had faster processor and could handle 4K...don't have 4K, and honestly it's not worth the extra money for the processor speed difference ...save money and buy the cheaper FireStick
I have two amazon fire sticks. They were nice but kind of slow. Got this amazon fire tv box heard it ran faster which it does but the remote dies faster... A little over 30 days of course after the return period the remote sizzled. Good thing for the remote app.
The media player is compact and low profile. The remote is nice. The unit/remote freeze up quite often requiring the player to be unplugged to reset it. This may be due to the fact I am running Kodi. I do have a first generation firestick with Kodi that does not freeze up like this unit. The performance differences between the firestck and this unit are negligible in my opinion.
Easy set up but did not meet my needs of being able to access Spectrum app. .
I bought and returned this item. I was hoping to be able to watch different sports games via the internet with the Amazon Fire TV but everything I selected stated it wasn't available. After trying different things for a few days, I figured I wasn't going to get the results I wanted and returned the unit.
Sometime it just stays in sleep mode and you have to restart it
Not many negative things to say. It's solid, and comes with a lot of preloaded content. Sign in with your Amazon account email and you're set. Use a USB dongle and wireless keyboard to really streamline your input, in case the voice command leaves you frustrated.
We're finding it hard to navigate this thing. Others (mostly the young ones) think it's easy.
I found the Fire TV to be a good box for streaming, but not great. Two things that stood out is the low internal drive space and so so speed.I would recommend it, with a clear understanding of the short falls.
It's so hard to decide If i should recommend this device or not. It's super fast, gorgeous images processing when paired up with my Sony 4k. However, it doesn't have turn off button. You have to make it "sleep" to turn it off, or else they will keep turning on and keep draining your wifi resource. Too simplistic controller make it hard to type. No option to sign in and out of an app. You have to wipe the app clean or reinstall the app to sign into another account. These can be easily fixed with better software.
Tried setting this up on 2 TV's using both WIFI and Ethernet for hours. Could never get a signal. A total waste of time.
Purchased Amazon Fire TV due to previous reviews stating that it performs fast with PlayStation Vue. Tried it out for a month and all it did was constantly buffer. Checked my internet speed and router/modem and I have the fastest 1GB speed available. Reviews on PlayStation Vue state that Roku interface is not as good, so I purchased Amazon Fire Stick to determine if it has better performance. Love the Amazon Fire Stick. Extremely fast and no buffering with online streaming with PlayStation Vue on the Amazon Fire Stick. Save your money and get the stick.
There doesn't seem to be much for 4K programs. Hopefully more to come.
Works pretty good but it's slow or glitchy. Either way it's good for the price.
The Video quality on this is lacking compared to other streaming devices. In the plus side you can use kodi. I would get a roku if you don't plan on using kodI or a nividi shield if you plan on using kodi.
I have bought 3 of the amazon fire tv boxes. I love how many online services you can access via the fire. I would rate this a perfect 5 if it was not for the fact that the fire remote is so poorly made. 2 of the 3 remotes died before the batteries did. Sure you can use your phone to control the fire tv box but that is slow and should not have to be done. And dont try to get help from Amazon their idea of help is to have you buy a new fire tv box.
Probably a fine item for most but i bought it for a specific application, the best buy employee said it would work but unfortunately it didn't.
Great for online content such as movies, TV shows, Music and games from the Amazon online store as well as streaming stored content from networked pcs or NAS boxes. You can also side load applications such as KODI for online content if you consider getting rid of cable television.I gave it 3 stars because even though it will allow for high definition video and theater surround sound, competing products can do those better.
If you don't care about live tv this will do great for you. Otherwise, can't ditch the cord yet.
Just my . opinion but i like the Apple tv better. Just easier to use
Its good to have along with cable. Hopefully you get one as a present and not purchase yourself
Enjoying it not so easy to setup but once you get it all is good
Three star due to the fact that sometimes the fire tv remote doesn't work. I will then use my smart tv remote. Other than that issue, I would give five star.
I like the $39.99 firestick better. This one does not have all the stuff the other one has and the sales clerk saud that it did.
We cut our cable in hopes to just use this product. However, we cannot view most things without logging into a cable source. So now it just collects dust. I guess if it was "jail broken" it might be better.
I'm not to Happy with product. Very cheap .I wouldn't recommend it anyone
Currently enjoying the learning experience. We have not dived whole-heartedly into the many channel options
I bought this as a result of my television internet connection being faulty. This was a good alternative to purchasing a new television set. It serves its purpose. My biggest issue is setting it up aesthetically with my television and sound bar
Great product for what it is designed for. Easily modified for Kodi
It works. Not as user friendly as roku. Not as many apps as roku. No google play store.
Its an okay product. It is geared towards amazon users. Doesn't have apps that roku or apple tv have. I got it for the direct now and it froze every time I used it.
Looking for a streaming media box? This is a fine android based one..it has an Ethernet port, streams, does 1080p, Amazon, and if you have all android stuff it's fine..I really don't like that it doesn't have a volume control..the only difference between this and the fire stick (for me) is the internal storage capacity, and the Ethernet port..so but two fire sticks instead of one box, unless you want to play the apps
The fire tv does not display in 4k.. it processes in 4k but cant display 4k.. This is because of the dumb design.. It still has a 1.14 HDMI port.. you need at least a 2.0 dvd port to receive a 4k signal.. You wont be able to tell until you hit your tv display resolution.. there you will see it still displaying in 1080p.
Works great, but don't like how you have to spell everything out.
Fast. Almost no buffering. Overall a great product. But only complaint is it's seriously slanted toward Amazon Prime. For instance, I have AMC through a cable subscription. Then why do I need to pay again for episodes on the Amazon AMC app? So stupid. With Roku, I don't need to pay anything extra for episodes I'm already entitled to.
Owned roku for years. Bought fire tv to root to watch free tv and movies. Only a few apps vs roku. Roku-user friendly more apps.Fire tv- free movies, free recorded tv
Price was too high( so we found out). Customer service at Best Buy in North Myrtle Beach had very little patience with our questions, not enough questions answered. We later found out that this too is Best Buy policy.
Was tired of getting ripped off by Greenlight cable so decided to do something about it.No monthly charge or late fees for movies.
It locked up on installing kodi and it wouldn't recover. The device buffers during first setup of any movie. Voice remote is not the best.
At first, the fire box was great. After two months the remote stopped working. I'd say save some money and just get the fire sticks. I have two of them and no problem. The fire tv box has been nothing but issues.
i bought two fire tv boxes and both of them have problems, the problem is that the remote suddenly stops working and then it comes back and works, sometimes it takes a few minutes for it to start working. That never happen with the roku
I can't return through Best Buy, because it's over 15 days. Started out ok, but then it just stopped working. It keeps freezing at home screen and I can't access anything. Extremely disappointed.
IT WORKED AS EXPECTED, WHAT MORE CAN I SAY ABOUT A USB DEVICE
I thought there would be a bigger step up from the fire stick. Honestly, if you want to save money, just go with the fire stick.
Although faster than the stick and smart tv apps, it still needs more on stability and better connection for everyday use. Mot worth it if it was more expensive. Still ok.
HAD THE AMAZON FIRE TV BOX FOX 1 WEEK AND IT BROKE
On the second day the unit disconnected from my wireless network and when attempted to reconnect the remote would not work and I could not click on the network settings button. I return that unit for another Amazon fire and the second unit could not find the remote to pair it. I think I will purchase a google or apple next .
I bought this to go with the Toshiba 4K TV with built-in Chromecast I bought from Best Buy. It's nice when it works but I had problems with it that caused me to return it.I have a Fire Stick and it works great. I leave it plugged in but it needs to be unplugged every few weeks, otherwise it works fairly well. The Fire TV had to be unplugged after every use. The screen would flash and sometimes there would be a popping sound. If I left it plugged in for any amount of time, then it would not work well. I liked the voice search on it and Alexa works great. You can ask for the weather, play music, and presumably other things that the Echo, Dot, and Tap can do. Just a side note, you have to keep the button pressed when asking Alexa to do something.Maybe I had a defective unit, maybe it was something else. But I've had a Paperwhite and a Voyage that both died on me in similar ways. I've never had a problem with the lower end Kindles or Fire tablets. Based on my limited experience, Amazon just doesn't get its higher end products right. I'm still going to use Amazon for a variety of things, but I no longer trust them for the higher end products that they make and sell.
Price was right. Bought it mostly to be able to watch movies but the quality of the movies is not as good as I had hoped which is the main reason behind my average rating.
This is an excellent device and easy to use. 5 stars if you have Amazon Prime and want to use what's included with Prime. But if you don't have Prime, any Android TV Box would be better at half the cost.
I have way more buffering with this device than I do with my Apple TV 4 gen. It works just not well. I have a glitch with this unit every time I use it. That indeed takes away from the user experience.
After reading how fast this unit was, I was highly disappointed. My Roku 3 leaves the Amazon Fire Tv in the dust. It takes forever to load up, then freezes several times while being used.
i really like shopping at best buy in avon indiana
I got the FireTV stick more than a year ago. It works fine although streaming video from my NAS sometimesnot very smooth. As I found the NBC Sports app allowed me to watch Olympics on the stick and this FireTV was on sale, I upgraded to this box. The result is a mix. It does stream video better than the stick but the same app did not work on the FireTV as with the stick It keeps giving the authorization error in playing some video clips. Withe same account, I can play the same video clips on FireTv stick or on Android boxes and tablets. I decided to keep it simply because of the great price I paid.
If you're already fully committed to the 'Amazon' ecosystem - as in: you have a Prime account, then this is a decent buy. I found it hard to get used to having advertisements in your face, and all the Amazon branding you see everywhere. Aside from those annoyances, the device itself is quite sleek and works fine for Netflix/Hulu/Amazon Video streaming. Playing files directly from a USB drive or MicsoSD card was a bit clunky but still do-able. An active internet connection is required to use most features of the device.
I had the original fire stick and I don't truly see that great of a difference between the new and older version. I was hoping that whe. The new version came out I could really understand and justify why I was paying more for a new one, when my old one worked just fine. Unfortunately, I can't. For me, it's not worth the money and I returned the item and stuck with my other one.
I didn't see that much of an improvement from the fire stick so I don't think it worth the extra cash. Decided to go with fire stick to save a bit.
The Fire TV is a good device with a powerful processor and the best Playstation Vue interface. However, it can be frustrating to access the channels you've added as you have to either search for the channel or thumb through them all - one by one. The Roku allows you to arrange your channels in whatever order you choose. The Roku has the most channel options - including Vudu (a channel not available on the Fire TV). Still, if you intend to use the Playstation Vue service you'll be much happier with the Fire TV.
Netflix app runs great no buffering and good HD quality. Amazon app and movies have their issues. But overall I like my fire tv. If only Amazon ran like Netflix then would be 5 stars.
I do like the Amazon TV idea. I do miss my DVR. I also miss all of the LIVE TV abilities though. Until Amazon TV gets LIVE TV abilities, this only gets 3 stars. Works well. Easy connect. But there are alot of reasons to miss Cable tv!! The channel selection needs to improve!
We've tried several of these little streamer boxes - Fire TV, Roku3, Apple TV (not the newest one). I think the Roku is my favorite. This one is competent, if you have Amazon Prime you'll miss it on the Apple TV. But the voice command mode - the one distinguishing feature of the Fire - is not useful. It only searches Amazon content and while Amazon has a lot of stuff we watch more on Netflix, HBO, Showtime, Hulu, etc. So, not so useful. I would get the Roku. The remote with headphones is a great feature.
A bit dissapointed in local station reception. Fire tv is not what was expected. OK, but just not as expected.
I just prefer live TV. When you purchase these don't forget to buy an antenna so you can watch network TV and local news.
This product is well made, durable and reliable. I have had good experiences with this manufacturer. I recommend this manufacturer and this particular product. This product does exactly what I need it to do. Super easy to use. I have used other manufacturers in the past but have not always been satisfied. I am happy with this product.
This device is much slower than other similar devices on the market. The internet connection is not stable, even when direct in via Ethernet.
Very ideal for viewing movies, and th selections very updated!
I would not purchase this item again as there is no 4K content.
This item is a waste of money as none of the content is 4K. Buy the much cheaper Fire TV Stick instead.
Good performance for most apps. However, I primarily purchased it to watch PS Vue, and although the PS Vue app is better than on Roku, it suffers from more lag and glitches than watching PS Vue via PS4 or PS3.
Ok I need to learn how to use it I would recommend
Better price point than apple TV but in comparison for what I am interested in prefer Apple TV
navigation needs more work, no pointer feature sucks, definitely NOT a point-and-click systemes explore for web browsing is antiquated and needs replacedvoice alexa feature does NOT work inside apps to control the app, so careful what you say or needless purchases are madeno disable option for voice featurestill one of the cheapest ways to run kodi program direct to telly in HDMI tho.one can still load app for plex server for NAS playback via streaming, though it is extremely difficult to navigate the plex download page in es explore.its faster than old version, has Bluetooth 4.1 instead of 3.1, has a quad-core instead of dual-core processor, and doesn't seem to get hot after hours of play like old version did.But, If Amazon ever blocked third party apps like kodi and plex I would never buy an amazon product again tho.Not an amazon prime member and never will be, why pay for programming that I can get for free.
I would recommend this for anyone. Real happy with it.
Rather would have the fire stick as it is smaller and cheaper. I feel as though it has the same features.
Works but has a tendency to freeze or get slow. Probably wouldn't purchase again
Good Average device for internet content but for 4K forget about it, but if your looking for a simple HD content is good enough.
I returned this product after deciding to standardize on one streaming technology. I chose Roku because of reputation, the Best Buy salesperson's recommendation, and the included headphones with Roku.
Good compared to other systems like Roku but really need to get an easy way to close apps running in background.
I have to unplug it and wait 30 seconds every time
Not enough free programs. Even with a subscription to Netflix, etc. you still have to pay for most movies, shows.
From the beginning we've had issues with our remote
flips between Prime, Netflix, and Hulu quickly and easily & lot more
This is a good product the resolution is clear and very pretty. Glad I bought it.
Good product. Good speed. But freeze many time. Recommend a power on button on remort controll
Needs more apps and has bugs that need fixing.....
This is a very wonderful streaming product. It is fast and has numerous app capabilities. There are some flaws though. The remote sometimes doesn't work then you'll have take out and put in the batteries, but you can use you're phone as a remote, it is faster and easier that way too. And it doesn't support VUDU or Crunchyroll. You can only real put this divice to its full potential if you're a Amazon prime member
Great for streaming movies to your television. ...
I had no cable but had internet so I thought this Amazon item would be good. Basically you have to pay for each subscription to use this making it super costly. I retuned this and just use Netflix with a wifi enabled tv.
The device itself is good designed.I'm Amazon prime member, but found that the amazon prime video/tv isn't that good. Can't find many good video to watch.
i was using the old fire tv but this one is better after all the updates
Just like the reviews said, the Netflix app buffers every few minutes...AWFUL.....now I only have to glimpse that spinning red circle and my blood pressure rises. (I was hoping I would be one of the minority. =( ) . I finally yanked the HDMI cable and attached it to my computer to finish watching my program.I'm not returning the Amazon Fire-TV yet, because I recently acquired Amazon Prime and I've been hearing great things about their selection of movies, etc. Will update after I've used it for that.
Poor choice The product did not work after only one week it froze on me and I was unable to get it to go to the factory reset I would not recommend this product at this time I will call Amazon back to ask for my money and a refund after going on line I see that this is a common problem a problem that they should solve
Amazon is at the forefront of 4K content, offering several shows in HDR. Then why isn't their very own streaming player capable of displaying it? And at only 30 fps to boot. This was obviously built to a price but if you've already shelled out the money for a 4K TV wouldn't you want it to be able to display all that it's capable of? The Roku is, at present, the far superior product.
Not user friendly. Sluggish, confusing, and extremely frustrating. Returned the item.
I purchased it to see if the stream speed would be quicker than my Amazon Firestick but was disappointed.The stream speed is at the mercy of your internet provider.The processing speed is faster than the Firestick but in the end it has the same memory as the Firestick.For the price, the Amazon Firestick is better if all you do is stream... It might be a good fit for gamers.
Would not recommend to anybody I had to take it back three times and still would not hook up to TVs very poor customer service
Navigates easily. Many channels. Fast connection speeds.
Fire worked fine and was simple to set up. I must add, however, that the overview menu should have more than a few on-line locations (Apps) like Netflix and YouTube. It should work as a main menu whose apps include things like liveTV, DiscPlayer, and even phonograph. Instead, it is pretty much all-Amazon. At least, if it was easy to access, it was Amazon. Aliza was not all that helpful either for non-Amazon material, certainly not for TV shows that are not in the Amazon library. I think it is a mistake to make me change source to access almost anything but Amazon. I was spoiled by my previous (Old Sony) BluRay Disc Player that did indeed act like a central menu for everything -- including Amazon. I may be showing my age and ignorance here, but I bet I have lots of company. I say KISS for usage, even if it means a more complicated install.
worth it to spend the extra 50 dollars and get the box w game control
Good product and will definitely share to all my friends
I purchased the Amazon Fire TV after owning the Roku 3 for a year and after trying both the older and the newest versions and Apple TV. I am a Prime member so this seemed like a perfect choice. However, the remote is very unresponsive, disconnecting more than it stays connected. The menu layout is very "ad-centric" and pushes you towards how Amazon wants you to view their service. When the remote works, the Amazon TV seems sluggish in comparison to the other products I tried. After several hours of fighting with the remote, I decided to return it and get another Roku...possibly the version 4. Good try Amazon, but far from being close to either Roku or Apple TV.
Not much of a selection for shows or movies. Hopefully changes
the concept is great! We have had some issues with certain streams being unplayable and it is sometimes difficult to find what you are looking for. There needs to be an easier way to maneuver and find the things you want to watch.
Apps and streaming run great. Searching and growing movie and show selection could use some tweets.
Good productThe only thing I don't like is that the remote is unresponsive some times. All in all good steaming device.
Ordering process was easy and as expected. Hopefully my husband will install it soon.
I really love how this product works. It is fast and easy to use when the erthernet cable is connected to the router. The WiFi distance to the router is very poor. You almost have to put it next to the router. My TV is about 50 feet from the router and I am able to use nextflix WiFi without any lag, but the Amazon fire TV is not in range. It is in range right next to the router.
I mainly got this united to task advance of Spotify Connect but the unit would lockup if I tablet or phone that I using times out. I have to reboot the device in-order for spotify to recognize the Fire device again.
After setting up the Amazon Fire it froze on me and I had to return it !
Good to have for your at home entertainment. It has every app known to man.
I tried giving this a chance being that I'm an Amazon Prime member but in comparison to my 4th generation Apple TV, it falls way short. I really just wish Amazon would develop the app for tvOS.
Bought two of these 2015 models to add to my previous model on other sets in the house. Both of the new units freeze after about 10 - 15 minutes stating that my 16 MB connection speed isn't fast enough for watching old documentaries from my Prime account. Cycling the power gets it working until it freezes again. The old model works flawlessly. I'll be returning these.
I purchased the Fire tv box and it just stopped working one day. Wont boot, just sits at the logo. I spoke to customer service who could care less. They said the best they could do is sell me another box seeing that my warranty had expired. Its not like I bought this in 2012. Someone there even told me that if I have a ROKU box I can watch it with that instead. TOTALLY UNEXCEPTIONABLE! Me an my wife are long time Prime members and expected a little more from Amazon. I am on my way to buy an Nvidia Shield TV for my streaming needs. BTW it doesnt have an Amazon app (wink). This is the first box I have ever owned that just stopped working.
Nothing really great about it. It's basically a box to watch Amazon on demand. I have a smart tv, so to me this useless.
Set up was easy and load times and picture quality is amazing. The only set back is you have to purchase pretty much anything. I understand buying a movies , but to have to buy tv episodes is a draw back. I could just stick with my direct tv for that
I got this because my fire stick always gives a warning that it is too hot. Haven't had this problem but did experience problem. I have my ps4, apple tv, running through a hdmi switch. no problem when I had the fire stick plugged in. The amazon TV will not work with the switch. For it to work it needs to be connected directly. I have three tv's and three different switches didn't work on any and yes I tried different chords. Other than that works great.
Can't stream smoothly unless plugged directly into the modem. Buffering was horrible (did not have this problem with Roku). Even plugged in it has some trouble with buffering at times. Only bought this because I got Playstation Vue and it only runs on certain systems. Unless you actually need the Amazon Fire to stream something only it can stream I would not recommend it. Roku is a much better system.
Purchased for viewing Amazon prime. Loaded a couple apps and set it to sleep. When I returned a few hours later it was stuck in a perpetual boot and was not recoverable. I will get another as I like the features and price point, just a little soured by this first impression. I'm checking that I would not recommend to a friend but am hoping this will change with the second one. to be continued...
Not sure what will happen if it gets dropped, Doesn't appear to adequately cover the screen, Looks really good!
It takes a lot of time and subscribing to get the channels I want, so I will write another review next year when I got them all..hopefully !!
Is a god but i have to pay 100 dollar a year is to bad
I bought this Fire TV 3 months ago. One day, out of the blue, it stopped working. Power is on but as soon after I see the Amazon logo the screen goes black. I google the problem and it seems that the only way to reset it to the factory mode is by the on screen menu so there is no way for me to do it. I just emailed the company and waiting for a response since it is unacceptable that this thing only lasted 3 months before it became useless. Not a happy camper here!!!
The supplied Amazon Bluetooth remote control will not pair back with the main unit. This is the second one I bought with the same issue. Re-Pairing the remote is quite simple per the instructions but to no avail. Had to use a android remote with a usb dongle to operate the unit. Going through batteries like crazy trying to get it to pair back up no more than three inches from main unit.
I own a high end system with AppleTV 3 and Chromcast media players for Netflix and the likes. I purchased fire tv for 4K. As with other devices I thought I could configure it and forget it. This is not the case with Fire TV. Remote control requires constant attention. Open the back play with batteries, but battery cover back on. Constantly! HDMI port does not work with HDMI switch. It is the only device that I own that does not play well with my switch. Internet connection is poor. Start receiving video won't load errors after a week. I thought perhaps WiFi connection was bad even though no other device had this issue, so I tried wired connection and got same error. Tried restarting it more than any device should need but this did not help. Device is very hot. It is on constantly. No automatic method of turning off when not being used.On the plus side, the interface is the best I seen on any media player. Beautiful picture and screen saver which can be configured. Alexia rocks but limited to basic commands. Amazon Prime integration is excellent as you might expect. Beautiful looking device. After about 10 days I got fed up and returned it. I'll wait for AppleTV to integrate 4K. Hopefully that will be soon.
I have a pretty fast and stable internet connection, 65Mbps down.So when I tried to stream some 4K content, it kept buffering to the point that it just wouldn't load the video anymore. Even streaming 1080p content had some issues. So i used the dedicated apps on my tv to see if I had the same problem, nope. It worked flawlessly! This product just plain sucks.
I was exited about it but got disappointed. Same old GUI , 4K is limited. Search option is only for Amazon ...
I was so excited to start streaming 4k with this and the disappointment was terrible. It just never seemed to hit 4k while my Smart TV has no problem with it. The only reason I bought it was because I loved the original Fire TV and loved the setup. Also, it was glitchy and laggy. I gave it 2 days and returned it.
One of the important reasons I purchased this was for HBO Go app which they have but does not work with Charter-Comcast. A quite large market of People affected so a useless claim they readily put out there that you can play it. What else can you not use it for I haven't found yet but Amazon has not written me back after I emailed them about this issue. Im stuck with waste of Money and will go get a Google Chrome now.
Pros:- Amazon Prime works on it.- You can still sideload apps, like Kodi.Cons:- Not a good upgrade over the original Fire TV, is worse in some aspects.- Remote buttons are hard to press (compared to original Fire TV)- Remote loses connection frequently and takes several button presses or removing of the remote batteries to fix- Interface isn't as snappy as the original Fire TV- Same interface as the original Fire TV: There's still no good way to sort your apps or locate the Prime content that you want.- Voice search seems about the same as the original Fire TV. Alexa adds nothing significant. You still can't use it to search in 3rd party apps, like Youtube.- As for video decoding in Kodi, performance isn't much better than the original Fire TV. You will be able to play HEVC content at 1080p with no problem, but 1080p .264 hi10p (software-decoded) does not play well. There's simply not enough power. 4k decoding is hit-and miss. It needs to be specifically coded for this Fire TV (low bitrate, low fps) to work properly.- Overall system performance is bad. When sitting idle, the CPUs spike up to 60% usage and memory is at 60% usage. The OS is not well-optimized.I'm not confident that Amazon can fix these issues in a timely manner and their competitors are releasing their media players soon, so I'll likely return this while I still can.
Basically has almost the same content as a Roku 3 would provide, but in a much more clunkier menu. I can get a better Amazon menu layout via the Amazon app on the Roku 3. Also for those that were hoping to pick up some extra football via FOX sports network (FS1), that is not happening. You can add the channel free, but in order to watch any content you will still need a cable or satellite subscription which defeats the whole purpose of adding the app for us cord cutters. There is NO way I am signing back up for cable or satellite. I wish FS1 would get with the program and offer a separate subscription such as HBO and Showtime do. It's a thumbs down for me.
Bought the fire TV excited about the 4K support. The first night it refused to load video content. I could only stream music. Now it refuses to load at all. It has completely stopped responding to the remote. Remote feels cheap.
It's somewhat of a step up from the Roku 3 I was previously using, but not as much as I was expecting. I think it's a couple firmware updates away from being better than it is now.Spent the good part of the day trying to figure out why I could only connect to my dual-band router at 2.4GHz and not 5GHz. 1.5 hours on the phone with Verizon FiOS tech support was unsuccessful as other devices connected at 5GHz without issue. Was about to pack it up and return it until I called Amazon tech support. Turns out it's a known-issue that the FireTV has difficulty with 5GHz networks that are set to auto channel selection and are utilizing channel numbers above 100.The tech support person said I should change the channel to 36, 44, or 48 instead of automatic, and, it worked.Bluetooth audio and video are out of sync with Showtime, Netflix, Sling, Plex and Hulu. It's fine through speakers, but video lags slightly behind the audio using Bluetooth. Audio and video are in perfect sync with Bluetooth and Amazon Prime Video which makes me think it'll be fixed at some point, as Amazon provided video demonstrates it can work well in that regard.Gotta say I prefer the platform agnostic UI of Roku, with Amazon-world tucked away in an app. The FireTV navigation pane represents mostly Amazon products with no option to modify it. Roku's UI is more about the media, less about the provider. Voice search works well if you want only to be presented with Amazon's viewing options, for some reason I thought search was universal, but only movies and TV shows available through Amazon show up. Bummer :-(The FireTV-2 is OK, less than I was expecting and with other good options around the corner, I'm beginning to doubt my choice...
For a device with 4k Technology they don't seem to advertise it much. You can barely see it on the box. Also search feature only works for Amazon. That's a waste of a search feature. Remote disconnects from the box often and your have to take the batteries out of the remote to reset it. I would not recommend until Amazon fixes the bugs.
I have 4 of the Gen 1 Fire Tv boxes and they are good showing their age. I purchased the new FireTV only be to disappointedPros.. SD Card slotCons.. Many Apps just don't work or are buggy...Search is terrible and only gives Amazon options .. Nvidia Shield also gives my plex server option .. now that is cool... not much faster.. if at all than Gen 1
It kept freezing when I first hooked it up. I couldn't type anything in because it kept resetting. After a couple days it started working, when I was ready to return it, so I decided to keep it. Need to be patient with it.
Good streaming box for 4K with Netflix and Amazon prime. Has issue with sound not balanced or randomly lowering or going really loud.
Barely 4k content and it lags a lot. Not worth it. Returned!
I purchased this firetv to upgrade my from first firetv version as I have a samsung 4k tv, this new firetv recognized my hdmi port as 4k compatible when I set the resolution to 4k on video settings, after trying all posible settings, this bug only gives 1080 even playing 4k content. firetv1=firetv2.
I had the first generation fire tv and I really don't see any reason to upgrade. Sure it has 4k support but only for Amazon movies, not Netflix. I returned this device.
Got 1 of this when it 1st came out. Returned the unit coz it won't boot up. Advantage buying from Bestbuy easy exchange or return. The second unit that i got works perfectly.
After about two weeks I ended up returning this item. It constantly froze and when it was working it was no faster than my fire stick.The voice search was a joke. I'm pretty tied in to the Amazon ecosystem, I love my Echo, but I was disappointed with this device. And for a hundred dollars? No thanks.
good product did care for the remote but product still good
I wasn't really impressed. The remote broke within 1 hr of using it and had to return it.
Fire TV was just about equal to the nexus player. and it it more expensive
I previously owned the previous model. There is very little difference between this and the older model. (Apart from the 4K, which only works with Netflix at this time). I still hate the ugly interface!, I wish Amazon would allow users to use their own skins
Didn't work well in 4K at all. After going in 4K mode and returning back to the menu screen, the Fire Tv would show a black screen and had to be unplugged to start back up. The menu screen isn't in 4K like it is in the Shield Tv which a better item by miles. 4K uses all of the resources of the Fire Tv and other apps have to be closed for it to play 4K videos or it runs into problems such as black screen.
Good FireTV but remote is buggy. Other than that its a FireTV.
I was a loyal Roku 3 but since I got a 4K tv I wanted something that streamed 4K. The Fire TV has a lot of good qualities but the fact it constantly resets randomly is frustrating for sure. I have the highest speed internet via Comcast so I don't understand why it's doing that.Amazon prime is great so it's not bad just need the bugs worked out for a higher rating from me.
Does not load up CNN or Travel channel.I even have DirectNOW for $50 a month and 200 MB internet speed. And the new google wifi router.I give up and will just go back to regular cable and pay the extra - for less hassle. Cable/Satellite WINS.
We had two AppleTVs - one in the master bedroom and one in the living room. We could not watch both simultaneously because the signal permeated the shared wall and changed the channel of the other TV. We got the AmazonTV to remedy this. While it did rectify this problem, we find we prefer the ease and simplicity of the AppleTV over the AmazonTV. The Amazon is cumbersome and difficult to navigate.
This cover is made for the Kindle DX and fits it beautifully. The problem - and it's a big one - is if you accidentlly try to open the cover from the back (which is very easy to do) you can damage the Kindle without even realizing what's happened. My husband did this and cracked the Kindle frame within the first week of owning the device. Fortunately, only the frame was cracked and the Kindle still works. We cannot, however, remove the cover because of the way it hooks into the device, the hook closure must be bent because of the accidental attempt to open the back cover. After the incident, we attempted to clip the back cover to the Kindle, but found this to be cumbersome and the clip would not stay in place. We are just extremely careful now, but the damage was done almost immediately. I hope this design flaw has been fixed.
The reason people give it 5 stars is because they don't give the product enough time before they review it. I purchased this along with my kindle dx on August 12, 2010. I can honestly say that I don't recommend this product as it will damage the kindle. The hinge that attaches to the kindle will eventually put pressure on the kindle front plastic cover and soon you will see it crack. To avoid this, you have to make sure the kindle doesn't rock back and forth from off the back cover causing the hinge to bend more and crack the front plastic further. This is hard to do if you open and close your kindle many times a day or simply lend it to someone else who doesn't know better. One thing I can honestly say is that I really wanted to like this product. I really wanted it to work. I'm looking for a slip cover now.
I, as well as other Kindle lovers, have noticed that although we have taken great care with the cover, it has warped and has bubbles and is not durable. Within 3 months, and I only started using the Kindle with the cover in the past 2 weeks, noticed the cover has become warped and bubbled under the leather. No idea what would cause this, I have taken great care not to put it near any source that would have done this damage, not sunlight, heat, moisture or anything. I will be requesting a replacement, but Kindle manufacturers of the cover need to do their homework and come up with a better product, especially for the price we paid.
This cover is a replacement for the initial cover that broke my kindle framewhere the top hinge goes into the Kindle. The metal on the original hinge system was too light weight to withstand having the cover fold all the way back on the Kindle and after just over a year resulted in the hinge becoming bent up towards the frame and it cracked the frame on my Kindle.I understand this new Kindle cover is supposed to have corrected that problembut the hinge system looks identical to the one that was on my old cover. I hope that over time, again, about a year plus it won't crack the frame in the same place again on my new Kindle.I am so thankful that Amazon replace both my Kindle and the book cover as a result of this problem.I would recomend that after about 6 months use it would be wise to remove the cover from your Kindle and see if the top hinge is beginning to bend upwards towards the frame and if so contact Amazon before the frame of your Kindle breaks where the top hinge inserts into your Kindle.
Although the description states that this will work on my Kindle Fire HDX 8.9, when I plug the charger to the Kindle, I receive a message that the charger is not of sufficient wattage to properly charge the Kindle. I bought this charger as a back up for when I travel. The original charger which came with the Kindle does not show this warning when I plug it in.
So I was already not too pleased with Amazon's choice to only include an essentially useless charger when purchasing a kindle hd, and caved to ordering the fast charger so it would not take hours of non-use to recharge. For 20 you don't even get a full charger, just an adapter to put on to the cord they already gave you. Amazon please just charge the real price for the device instead of settling to slowly rip people off with essential accessories, this sort of thing cheapens your image and erodes loyalty.
As a charger, it works but is nothing special. With a Mk 1 Kindle Fire, it doesn't seem to charge any faster than the standard charger. And NO CABLE is included!! A Kindle-specific cable must be purchased separately! This is not mentioned in the descriptions.
This is exactly like any other usb power charger, making it unnecessary. A basic charger used for an ipod works to charge the kindle fire within 3-4 hours.
This is not appreciably faster than any other 1.8 or higher amp charger when used with my Kindle, Kindle Fire, Kindle Fire HD, various Android tablets, and other devices that have USB charging cables.It also blocks an adjacent outlet. Why didn't they put the plug on the short end like the original black-and-white Kindle chargerIt is an exceptionally good deal when purchased together with a Kindle Fire HD on promotion, but the regular price is not competitive for a supposedly premium charger.Additionally, it does not come with a cable, an omission that many people won't realize.**EDIT** I appreciate the many comments, but Amazon promotes this charger as something that charges faster than other chargers, but I haven't seen any such advantage. At promotional prices, it's a good deal, but not at almost twenty dollars. Otherwise, look elsewhere.**EDIT** When the review was written, the description of the item did not have this statement Optimized for Kindle tablets: PowerFast is a 9W charger and will charge your Kindle tablets faster than the white 5W Kindle charger will. That line was added a considerable amount of time after I wrote my review.
Amazon should include this charger with the Kindle. The fact that they're charging us extra for something that should be included is a sign of cheapness. Plus, you can use any micro-USB phone charger instead of this to charge your Kindle. Save your money.
Love my Kindle Fire but I am really disappointed in the Kindle Power Fast Charging Unit. I've had it two months and I've used it many times - The first two times it worked okay but failerd on the third and many subsequent tries. I've disposed of it and use my wife's iPad Nano charger which always works just fine.
I was surprised to find it did not come with any type of charging cords so I had to purchase one and then found my Sprint HTC 3D charger is faster. I would not purchase again- 1st item I've ever not liked I've purchased from Amazon
to spite the fact that i have nothing but good things to say about amazon and anthing i've ever gotten from them. and that i love my fire. i find it greedy that the wall charger doesn't come with the kindle. not everyone, ok most people, but still not everyone has a usb port to plug into. i'm taking my charger back. i think amazon should make things right and let anyone who purchased a kindle without a charger have one for free, or credit those who had to buy one.
I thought it would be as big as small paper but turn out to be just like my palm. I think it is too small to read on it... not very comfortable as regular Kindle. Would definitely recommend a paperwhite instead.
It does its job but I would buy one which the screen is brighter. There are times that it's difficult to read because screen is not too bright
I was looking for a kindle whitepaper. I saw online for $80. What a deal. I ordered it on line and picked it up in the store. I got it home and couldn't adjust the brightness. After a lengthy time with online customer service I called customer service. After 20 minuets with speaking to a female Elmer Fud that doesn't speak english well I figured I would just return it. Although it looks Identical to the $120 model, you can not adjust the brightness. That would have been good information before I bought it.
The kindle is good to download apps for books catch up with reading
Looking at the picture and seeing it was 8th generation I assumed it would be a great device. I had an original Kindle but I stopped using it because it wasn't backlit. I thought an 8th generation would be backlit and the picture makes it look backlit but it is not. After 25 minutes on the phone with Amazon trying to make it brighter the technician finally realized that 8th generation is not supported with backlights. I took it back to Target and purchased The Paperwhite which was more money but definitely worth it. The 8th generation one is smaller so I assumed that was the reason for the price difference. Target made the experience pleasant.
For me, the Kindle Black was not a good fit for me. There are times I read at night in bed when my husband is sleeping. This model doesn't have a back light so I'm unable to read at night without turning on a light and waking up my husband.So I returned and went for a Kindle Fire.
This device is good for entry level reader only in daylight.Its doesnot support reading in dark. To read in dark you will have to purchase a light or cover case with light attached. I either case it will put a lot of strain in your eyes.
it would not load my books proper. took a dozen tries erasing an dreregistering. screen too dark
This is a pretty cool little device. Im able to download books through wireless and read them later at my convenience. Only drawback is I wish it had more storage. But for the price, it works good.
I love having real books, but these are great for travel and keeping your bookshelves lighter. I wish you could buy them with larger storage without having to buy the larger size pad. It also sucks that they are 4gig, but 1gig is taken up by the OS and advertising. Seriously? It reads PDFs and needs a 1 gig OS. Lame. The last thing I would change is being able to reverse the lettering so at night you could have white lettering and a black background, so it's less bright on the eyes.
The screen is too dark, and cannot adjust the brightness
I have to say it was a little confusing and frustrating when i was not getting the verification code from amazon , i waited for 20 minutes then i requested another code, nothing... then a nother one... and still nothing , i started to set up the device at 8.30 am and by 11.20 am i was fed up with it.. i had to step away.... after about 5 hours we went shopping and at the mall i recieved about 4 codes from amazon ....
Alexa may be new, but I would have thought some of the simple commands she would have been able to respond to already. For the amount Amazon charges, it should come with better instructions, including what specifically to download into one's device (iPhone, etc.) so as to make some apps ready to go. Amazon dropped the ball on this one.
Ive asked itquestions and answers were unknown and could not help me
It was a bit more involved getting set up but thereafter the function is simply talking to Alexia. The plug adapter to turn on and off lights TV is useful and certainly worth having.
THE ECHO SHOW WORKS WELL, BUT AT THIS TIME IT CANNOT CONNECT TO YOUTUBE. MAYBE WHEN AMAZON WAKES UP THE CONNECTION WILL BE RETURNED.
Alexa show is ok same technology as a tablet except voice activated
I like my Show, but i can't say i love it, for being the priciest piece of my collection of alexa devices, it has probably the worst microphone. Getting it to respond is frustrating at times, where i have no problem with a standard echo. besides this, it all works as advertised. I'd wait for the second generation, i'm sure they can work the kinks out.
Purchased this device at launch (2 pack for $384.xx) and now YouTube doesn't work. YouTube was one of the main features that I used. Without YouTube you'll be better off buying the $40 Echo Dot instead.
Just an average Alexa option. Does show a few things on screen but still limited.
I bought these as a gift for my adult kids to video chat while in college. The second best feature was YouTube. Amazon just sell google home and chromcast for goodness sakes!
Not a very responsive program. Very limited information program. Not user friendly.
I got this to work with my Arlo Pro camera, and it works well. I am able to have my camera for driveway and front door come up on command. I hate that I cannot get my Samsung TV to come on with a verbal request. I guess I will have to buy the plug for it. This was very easy to set up. Downloaded the app, and plugged it in, viola it walks you through the setup.
I waited a couple months to review giving Amazon time to make this product equal to the SONY Dash from nearly a decade ago, it isn't the screen provides nothing of value and you can't turn of amazon tips! you have near zero customization can't even move the clock to the other side of the screen. And something that a sony dash did nearly 10 years ago pandora or prime music as an alarm! seriously this is the biggest fail! Run away from this half baked Amazon disaster!
Its a great product, but for the cost, the speakers are not what they should be, and the screen is too small. Choosing what is desplayed on the screen is something i still have not figired out. Hopefully software updates will fix the minor problem, and a second generation will hopefully fix the hardware downfalls. Voice recognition is also not as good as the eco dot. I am not recomending this product at this time because of the cost and poor performance.
I loved this thing until it was time to go to bed. Although it dims, the lowest setting is still very bright--like sleeping with a flashlight in your face. I hope they make fixes that will allow the screen to dim more. Also, not crazy about having a camera connected to the Internet on my nightstand. If you cover it up, the motion sensor then won't work. The sound is OK--not quite as good as the non-screen Echo--maybe because it's not omni-directional like the regular Echo. My enthusiasm for this device has subsided quite a bit because of these issues.
Requires too many components. Cameras, etc. stick with basics (in my opinion).
The three star review is for the situation described here, not the quality of the unit. I ordered this online and picked it up in store. The package was very securely sealed the seals appeared to be factory. The Echo was wrapped in plastic and looked like it had never been out of the package. When I hooked it up, however, it said that the unit was registered to someone else. It wasn't a problem to get it registered to me and the unit works fine. I spoke to both Amazon and Target about this, and neither could tell me what happened. I was offered an exchange if I wished. I chose to keep the original unit, but I wanted to make others aware of the issue. I have one theory. Target has a buyer who purchased a lot of these for Target resale, and they are all registered to this person. I guess I'll never know. The Echo itself works fine and I'm very happy with it. After you hook it up, make sure to go to settings and download the latest updates. Then you should be good to go.
The device works well mechanically, however, the software needs a lot of work. Half of my commands are not understood and I have cameras linked up to it thats rarely recognized.
Nice device. Good to enable drop in conversations. Some flash briefings. But overall still a little limited in effective use of video
qc is really bad on this product and does not catch the voice properly.
It was a cool device but my main issue that it couldnt play playlists the I had stored on the sonos app. It only played streaming services
Great sound, easy set up. The screen seems sort of wasteful now that I've been playing with it. Maybe it has the capability to work as a digital picture frame....I'm just certain yet. I was able to set one picture to it...Not multiple. Would be nice if could be used for Hulu or Netflix and stuff since the picture and sound are so clear. I like the visual to do and shopping lists. Still worth the purchase. A good want to have...just not a must have...then again maybe I have not tapped into all it can do.
Worthless, except as a regular echo and a poor excuse for video chat. I love my echo devices, bathroom, pool, kitchen, other places where I may need hands free, voice activated music and info. My wife bought me the 'newest, hottest' thing. I was skeptical but then thought I would use it to help on a project. Me "Alexa find videos on f450 drone" Alexa "YouTube is not available". Amazon won't directly sell chrome products, youtube won't play on echo show. Further testing shows the video call is more limited than iPhone or Android apps for video. So the most useful thing now is the same voice functions that my echos and dots perform. Unless I want to make all of my video calls and check the weather from a device I can move no more than 3 feet from an outlet.
Only download was very slow and echo show didnt make it worth having as a stand alone
Great product but the only downside is that it did NOT work with my home security camera
The Echo was so good, I ended up getting the Echo Show as well. At first it was a device that I enjoyed using for various reasons, one being that I could ask Alexa to watch any YouTube videos I wanted to watch. Then one day, I asked Alexa to play a video and she responded by saying,"Google is not supported on Echo Show." Until YouTube comes back as a skill, the Echo Show probably isn't worth the extra money. I'd say stick with the Echo if you have Amazon Music or Spotify, or the Echo Dot if you only use the echo as part of your smart home.
I'm disappointed. Sometimes gives doesn't understand
Needs to be a stand alone device. I should have not required to use a tablet of Cell phone to make it work. Amazon needs to work on the technology on device.
Not sure will be keeping this. Worried about hacks that allow active mic.
The sound quality is good,Alexa responds to commands but their is room for improvement
It's neat. It does what all other amazon alexis' do, but a little more. I feel as if should still do more.
Less than useless Does not work with Amazon CloudCam. I purchased this from Best Buy to allow me to monitor my two Cloud Cams from my kitchen. I am VERY tech savvy and have numerous Alexa devices but have been unable to get it to work. I tried installing and enabling the Amazon CloudCam Skill, made sure there were no new updates for the Show (the Show automatically updated when I first plugged it in). The final straw was when the tech support rep told me you cant use the Show with the CloudCamand then was unable to connect me with someone who could actually solve the problem. Useless is no help; less than useless actually makes more work. The Echo Show is less than useless.
This item seems great on the ads, but it reality it cant do nearly as much. To get it to do more you have to download skills, some of which work well and others of which do not. Some are reviewed, but many are not. Connecting is often difficult and sometimes the password you use has to be the same as your Alexa device (which no body tells you). Im sure with some practice this device will be fun and useful, but learning to use it and sorting through the skills is a pain.
Amazon show is pretty cool, It can help with things like cooking recipe, homework and other things. But it's restricted to only Amazon partner things. If Google comes out with something similar I would have definitely chosen that over the show. No YouTube.
All I really use it for is music. The read downfall is its not Bluetooth so it has to be plugged in 24/7
Not a very responsive program. Very limited information program. Not user friendly.
Less than useless Does not work with Amazon CloudCam. I purchased this from Best Buy to allow me to monitor my two Cloud Cams from my kitchen. I am VERY tech savvy and have numerous Alexa devices but have been unable to get it to work. I tried installing and enabling the Amazon CloudCam Skill, made sure there were no new updates for the Show (the Show automatically updated when I first plugged it in). The final straw was when the tech support rep told me you cant use the Show with the CloudCamand then was unable to connect me with someone who could actually solve the problem. Useless is no help; less than useless actually makes more work. The Echo Show is less than useless.
Needs to be a stand alone device. I should have not required to use a tablet of Cell phone to make it work. Amazon needs to work on the technology on device.
I have to say it was a little confusing and frustrating when i was not getting the verification code from amazon , i waited for 20 minutes then i requested another code, nothing... then a nother one... and still nothing , i started to set up the device at 8.30 am and by 11.20 am i was fed up with it.. i had to step away.... after about 5 hours we went shopping and at the mall i recieved about 4 codes from amazon ....
The show has some nice features but the audio quality isnt the best for the price point. I got mine on sale and am just using it for a bedroom alarm clock. I can read the time without my glasses.I still use my Sonos Play 1 to listen to my sleep playlist and ny other music. Unless I missed something it seems like if I set the volume low at night to listen to music to go to sleep my alarm will not be loud enough. So I dont use the Show for music much.
Requires too many components. Cameras, etc. stick with basics (in my opinion).
We wanted to see how this would work and it's not super accurate, but kind of fun
This does the same things as the other echos but has a screen. The sound is comparable to the echo which is good. The screen is small, not hd, and not touch screen. You only can call other echo users.If you have an echo don't run out and buy you can do all on a laptop. If you are looking at an echo having the screen might be worth the extra bucks,
We bought the Echo Show to get the hyped benefits of Alexa, and home automation. After using for a week, we decided to return the Echo Show. Alexa just isn't ready for prime time. 90% of the time we got the "I can't answer that" response to questions. It's a waste of money for us. Say "Alexa, Say good bye!"
The echo show feels useless after a few hours, especially without the ability to watch YouTube.
Just an average Alexa option. Does show a few things on screen but still limited.
I'm not a techie, but after days of trying to hook up, I gave up. I don't know if it was the Echo Plus or my carrier ATT Uverse causing the issue, but it would NOT connect. So, back to the store it went. Even with checking out blogs on the internet for assistance...none of it worked.
Waste of money, ask Alexa a question and you are lucky if you get an answer instead of I'm not sure.
Took it out of the box and played with it for a while. Then I lost connection with it and now it no longer recognizes my phone #. Called Amazon they said they would work on the problem, no call back yet.
It is an ok device but I find Google home to be better and more promising in the future
This does not give great answers and the connection is not that great. Exchanging for a GOOGLE Home
We returned it. Could not give answers to our questions even though the answers were easily found on google.
It has very limited use without adding on expensive Apps or adding more wireless speakers. I am considering returning the merchandise
I really like the echo plus and the hue light bulb does work on the echo plus but I had to buy a bridge from Phillips in order to schedule on off schedule times for the light. I thought the Echo Plus was like a bridge but I guess it isnt.
It works well and sounds decent, but the hub portion of this is not as easy to use as Samsung.
Very helpful for someone with disabilities. Saves a lot steps.Responsive and fun to use.
When I tried to hook it up it wouldn't recognize my internet. I will have to contact best buy when I get home and have their guys come out to see if they can get it working
She could perform some tasks ,but most things she didn't know. So agrivating.
like the Alexa but needs to be more interactive like suri.
this is my first experience with Alexa. hard to command, I guess because this is my first time. I did have to reset because she stopped working. I am reading up on Alexa more so Ill know how to command her.
I purchase this at the store and I was not given any bulb till I decide to do review
Returned product cause I did not like it and really had no use for it
Have just started using Alexa and am looking forward to all the other things that are available to use with the unit
Now that now how to set it up I love my alexia lights
Unable to try light bulb because it would not hook to echo plus.Waiting for rest of system.
Too difficult to setup not compatible with other equipment
HUB is almost useless. Ended up using spare Philips HUB. The HUB built in would only "discover" 2 out of 12 bulbs. 3 days of trying. HUE bridge 12 out of 12 first try.
They make it seem like you can pretty much ask anything to Alexa but she never knows anything. It is very non responsive at times too.
I bought this because the package said it was a fast charger only to find it charges at normal speed... That was disappointing. I'm pretty sure I'm not doing anything wrong. It seems pretty self explanatory... :/
You get what you pay for. Playtime works when it wants to. Went on a long trip and the videos we downloaded had issues playing most of the time. My son is almost 2. He gets bored of it quickly. The pros are the price and it is well protected externally.
Would not take a charge, good thing i tried before wrapping it for Christmas.
Cumbersome, complicated and not kid friendly..... went with Apple, suggesting you do too.
Can't really give a full review since the Kindle Fire seemed to work properly, however, the security, Webroot Anywhere, that was included was impossible to install. I tried calling Geek Squad 4 times for support and was disconnected EVERY time. I finally went to store for instructions which they printed off but still would not download. I've ended up buying an iPad which is fantastic and would not buy again from BestBuy.
Decent somewhat slow. Netflix freezes up at times.
There's not much difference in the regular Kindle. Wait till it goes on sale.
Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK
I bought this product 4 months back. It is very slow, i can't open any app in 15 seconds. OS is different than others so we can't get normal apps easily. Only one thing i can say is slow slow slow performance. I don't know how to replace it. Need some help from best buy people.I don't know whether i got defective piece or this is the actual performance
In my opinion this model is too small and feels cheap. And sd card slot.
I didn't find it useful for my 4yr old daugter so i returned it the other day.All the games in it r so kiddy games.
It was ok. You need Internet. The SDmini is a hassle.
Overall it is a good tablet, but I am not a fan of the limitations of the silk browser and Amazon app store.
You get what you pay for Was not to happy but for a 2 year old it's ok
My 7-year old daughter saved up to by this. Her brother bought the 8GB about a year earlier, so new she needed more space. The OS is a bit clunky, and less intuitive then on higher priced tablets, but tough to beat the price. Speed isn't great for web or certain gaming apps, but fine for books. Parental controls are helpful, but take time to figure out and require more steps than seem necessary to change. Overall, OK first tablet for kids, considering the price. For adults, fine for e-books and VERY basic apps. Otherwise, best to pay up for better quality and OS efficiency.
The last 2 models of Kindle HDX 8 have been terrible. We have purchased 2 of each model of Kindle and up until the last 2 models, they have been great. Last years had to be replaced 7 or 8 times and for the same problem. The slot for the SD card is defective. I gave up and bought the newest model. It shuts completely down if you try to plug it in to external speakers and sometimes it shuts down for no reason. It's going back after the first of the year. This is going to be my last year for Kindles unless they make them the same quality as before. Phooey!
it has great durability, but lacks great sound. The picture quality is just ok
Very slow performance and sometimes applications freeze up and don't work very well , charging port very low quality
It's an ok tablet because you need to have an Amazon account in order to download free apps
Kids will love this tablet, has a camera and kids can make movies with it. Wonderful for a child with a good imagination
So slow returning mine for something different any suggestions
The touch and loading the content is very bad, it doesn't respond quickly and it very slow
Difficult to purchase. No stock in 6 stores, no order online or ship to store available. When it did become available it did not work. Once it turned on, I couldn't get any further. I could not log onto wifi network, though other items in my household work. Also the product wouldnt move past setting up the clock. Tried 3 days, gave up and returned the item.
Bought this tablet for 8 year old. It holding up good & she loves it. She enjoys playimg her games & being able to get on the internet.
The kindle is good to download apps for books catch up with reading
I absolutely love how u. An switch from dif accounts
It takes forever to download apps. I'm returning it will be getting something else.
This was my second kindle and I didn't realize that it wasn't paper white . What a difference. I took this back to the store and exchanged for paper white.. this was not easy to read for me
I was completely under the impression that this tablet was child friendly but there are no built in restrictions so my son was able to purchase numerous apps and movies. My son usually uses my wife's ipad so I thought this tablet would be a good replacement but the interface is geared towards adults not a young child. If you buy this tablet, IMMEDIATELY change the settings to require a PIN to make purchases.I think the age recommendation should be 5+ not 3+.
When I first bought it and got it started it wouldn't register my amazon account. I tried making a new account and I tried using my moms account but it would not work so I took it back and had geek squad look at it and they claimed it was defective and exchanged it for another one and the new one works wonderfully, haven't had any issues with it yet.
Wish it was a bit faster loading and browsing, but functions as you would expect for kid friendly product. I would spend the extra money next time for a tablet designed for adults but had strong parental controls
Very small in size, not exactly what I had thought but yet good product for the price I paid
Not happy at first as battery was totally dead when I got it. However, after charging, it's working ok
Not a lot of memory, dies fast. Great games........
My 5 year old dropped this from a standing position (about a foot off the ground) and it busted. I had to use the BB warranty to replace it the day after purchase for a fall that the tablet should've been able to handle that is designed for kids. I'm happy with the apps, but definitely not thrilled with the lack of protection that is designed for kids.
Not sure why, but it kept freezing and ended up having to return it. Very disappointing
Limited activities for my son to surf the web and do the things he likes to do!
I was not a fan of the Amazon type operating system that is on the tablet. Ended up taking it back because it was not what I wanted, not as easy and supportive of games and apps as an Android tablet.
Purchased for my Father In Law - this was the most frustrating experience. Not user friendly - not friendly at all. Stick with a name brand tablet - Apple, Samsung, etc.. Avoid this device at all costs.
It's ok but I rather have bought Samsung Galaxy Tab
You get what you pay for Was not to happy but for a 3 year old it's ok
did not power up...at all. I am so happy that my grand-niece wasn't here and doesn't know about this yet, she would have been crying.
At first I wanted to return this product, I bought it for my 2 yr old. I decided to keep it bc my husband liked it and of course my daughter likes it. I dnt like the fact you cant use the audible app on the kids version. I also bought it so my daughter could be independent, as far as the books none of them are read aloud. She came maneuver the games and movies tho. Its an ok product tho, I love Amazon. My daughter still likes my Samsung Tab better. Would recommend for older kids.
The display is not as sharp and vivid as they say but still good. Probably better for reading than watching videos. We didn't really get it for the games, but there is a good selection. WiFi works well and internet browsing is fast.
I hate amazon app store. Nothing good in there. The tablet is too slow for what I do... it is good for reading only....
The tablet itself works fine but this is the 2nd one I have gotten with a similar problem. The port seems to come defected. The charger doesn't stay in and it takes a long time to charge. Replaced charger with a brand new one and it still has issues.
I like the ipad its very helpful my son has learned alot and i hope that it will help other kids too as they prepare for pre k
This device is a good if you are looking for a starter tablet for a young individual.
I bought 2 of these tablets for my two youngest children. They had a lot of options to chose from as far as children apps go, but they were already familiar with the iPad since they stole mine all the time. Lol. That made it hard for them as well as myself to figure out how to use at first. Besides that, it's a good product.
I bought 2 of the Amazon Fire tablets because the sales guy said that they were great and ran really fast. I have very fast internet and this thing just barely chugs along. If you play a game, it constantly stalls and freezes. The sound quality when I play music is terrible. I was planning on buying one for each of my 9 nieces and nephews if they ran well but now I know that wouldn't work for them because they are horrible.
Wish it was easier to understand set up so children don't accidently charge to my account.
This makes for a decent tablet for a kid with the kids edition, but I'm not sure I'd want it as an adult. There are much better tablets on the market. But since it's cheap, that's to be expected.
meh. it works. i find it difficult to navigate. i also have an ipad mini. this seems to be less intuitive than the ipad.
I am disappointed that this is not more toddler friendly. It is a kindle inside a kid proof case. You have to set up child locks, etc. My biggest complaint is most of the games that are available you have to be connected to the internet. I wanted something to take to church, in the car, etc.
I'm a big fan of Amazon and their products, but this tablet is just ok. The build quality is great and the image is very good, but the software is mediocre at best. Worth the price.
for 33 dollars its a great option. although it was a black friday special its perfect for kids especially considering the amount of damage it can handle!
I do not like this Tablet one bit. It has to be registered with Amazon for it to function and it failed every time. I finally had to resort to calling Amazon's customer service, also not an easy task, to get it registered. There seems to be glitch in the programming, because when it failed again, I had to follow the same steps all over again to get it registered. I would highly recommend skipping this tablet and getting one that is not tied to any one company's operations, programming, or software.
It was too slow he didn't put any attention to it. Battery didn't last.
I love these Tablets, but the charging ports aren't the best. I bought 3 for Christmas and my kids take excellent care of them. I also do NOT them touch the tablets while they are charging. They have only had their tablets since Christmas day and they won't charge. I highly recommend getting the protection warranty for this item.
Battery dies after an hour...should last longer for the money. Will not bold charge.
It's great for beginners, like children, but very limiting for me. I can't use many apps because it doesn't allow me to use the Google play store.
Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK
Good for alittle ones for games and movies picture not so clear but not expensive
These are great tablets for the kids and the price is wonderful with the warranty and the soft, yet bulky (a good thing in this instance) case. The only thing I wish, was that it could access the Google Play Store so my kids could watch the movies we have in our Google Play Movies account.
Son loves it........................................
After owning the kids Samsung, this seems confusing to navigate. Also they have returned to using the Samaumg
These are great tablets for the kids and the price is wonderful with the warranty and the soft, yet bulky (a good thing in this instance) case. The only thing I wish, was that it could access the Google Play Store so my kids could watch the movies we have in our Google Play Movies account.
The tablet is for my son who is 2. That being said I noticed blotches on the screen. Never returned it due to it not making a difference to my son. I will have to upgrade him in question few years anyway. The bumper is amazing.
Too proprietary, the apps my daughter liked I could not install on it for her so basically it was worthless for me and I returned it.
The protector was not made for the Fire 7 as it was to large and had no directions that were coherent. Worse purchase from Best Buy ever.
it would not load my books proper. took a dozen tries erasing an dreregistering. screen too dark
Worst product ever. Constantly screwing up and filled with ads you have to pay to remove. Best Buy refused to help when I wanted to return it
The tablet is pretty good, I would give it 5 stars if you are able to download an use apps from the Google store, that is one of my only big complaint. And also how fast the SD card got filled with items from Amazon OS that's on the tablet without the user knowing. On the other hand, With four kids using tablets as reward time it helps the kids free time is awesome it useful
There is nothing spectacular about this item but also nothing majorly wrong with it. The biggest flaw is that this is geared to kids and there is no way that I have found searching settings or online to lock the touch screen so that a video keeps playing if the child hits the screen. This means lots of times helping get back into the movie or show rather than just relaxing like an iPad can do with guided access activated.
The reviews on this on Amazon seemed awesome. Little did I know that there is a chronic problem with the port on these tablets. We just bought this for Christmas and went to charge it for the first time. Nothing. We already loaded (and paid for) several apps, and now we're out that money. Also the charging cord that came with it appears it has been used before - there's some wear at the edge of it. So I went online to see if I could find this issue and there it is - everywhere. This is a problem that has been around for years, but Android - who is the ultimate culprit, has failed to fix it at the source. When you plug in the charger, there's no 'click' so you know it's in place. It just slides in and out. We've had Apple products for several years and never had an issue, then the first Droid product we purchase can't even be charged from the beginning. This will be going back to BestBuy - and will buy another iPad Mini - costs more, but is much much more reliable.
This is just a regular fire tablet that has protective case.
I bought this because I have ebooks in college. Not only could I not get my ebook. I called the school IT department. They could not either. My semester was already started. The sales representative at the store told me this is what I needed. I ended up buying a tablet from my phone carrier and my ebooks were right there in less than 5 minutes with the schools IT department help.
I bought this Kindle for my 7 year old grand-daughter. I bought a warranty for it. I bought it in August, I have already had to replace it. The charger connection got loose and was not charging. Well, it has happened again. I will need to exchange it again. The problem is that I have to buy the warranty each time. I was going to buy one for her brothers and sister, but I am now rethinking that.
I bought it cause I wanted to read more. That didn't happen, I tried and I just can't read on devices I need old school paper between my hands
My first tablet was a Kindle. I was curious about the updated version. Very disappointed
This tablet is a good kids tablet and or for prime users. Not a laptop replacement or for non amazon users
No instructions. Either paper or electronic. How do I transfer apps & data from old kindle to new one 9
it was great for reading but the lag time for loading videos was a little bit longer than an iPad
I didon't care for this tablet, downloading apps outside of Amazon was really confusing.
In my opinion this model is too small and feels cheap. And sd card slot.
Not as good as before the old kindle, just seams to work better
I purchased this since I bought my grandson this tablet for Christmas. The tablet is slow, considering price that's OK.I have problems with the charger, it won't charge when I am using the tablet, the charger needs to be plugged in and not moved for it to charge.For the price the tablet is OK.
Great purchase for a 9-year old girl. Easy way for peaceful long car rides.
Good tablet to take for my child to play on when out to dinner. Keeps him busy.
Hi,I ordered this for my daughter who has an extensive liking of tablets. She didnt like it because of lack of google play services and she didnt have the patience to work with it. I knew that the os is only amazon specific but despite the apps that can be downloaded, she was disappointed. I returned it.If you are an avid amazon person, the tablet works great, if you want a google tablet, this isn't for you. I would recommend these for people that want a good decent tablet that they can read and use amazon apps on.
It's a good device for children because they don't know any better
There is nothing spectacular about this item but also nothing majorly wrong with it. The biggest flaw is that this is geared to kids and there is no way that I have found searching settings or online to lock the touch screen so that a video keeps playing if the child hits the screen. This means lots of times helping get back into the movie or show rather than just relaxing like an iPad can do with guided access activated.
I bought this tablet for my son and I don't like it. The touch screen is very poor quality. It's hard to move things around on it when he is playing a game. He prefers my iPad than to use his own. I know the iPad quality is probably the best quality but it's way under that! Very frustrating. Will be returning it.
Good tablet for kids. Lots of appts to download for games
Great beginner tablet for kids I would recommend it
I I thought the buy For my child bc the kids mode but it was very poor
bought a few kindles in the past but this time one of it came defective. the port was bent and it was hard to charge but still possible. comes in 4 different color. was 16gb enough space for kids, has camera, ok quality not the best but ok for pics taken by kids
I love having real books, but these are great for travel and keeping your bookshelves lighter. I wish you could buy them with larger storage without having to buy the larger size pad. It also sucks that they are 4gig, but 1gig is taken up by the OS and advertising. Seriously? It reads PDFs and needs a 1 gig OS. Lame. The last thing I would change is being able to reverse the lettering so at night you could have white lettering and a black background, so it's less bright on the eyes.
Not a substitute for an iPad, but a really good tablet for reading and minimal internet usage.
This tablet is grrrrrrreeeeeeeeaaaaaattttttt for the children!
It is difficult to understand the instructions. I am still working on it.
Its a decent reader for beginners. There is no backlight, so not good for reading in dark. also slips from hands, so purchase a cover if you buy it.
I'll give it 3 starts because it's a decent tablet. But if the screen messes up when I'm trying to use it i can't imagine how my granddaughter feels.
The sleek design and colors available for small kids is good. The tablet is a nice price and useful.
Super slow, not of decent quality.I would not buy another. Memory on it is lacking for 8 gig. I will not recommend it to anyone
So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all
I can't update Facebook and a few other apps. It's not what I expected.
1st kindle screen failed & had to reboot often. Customer Service couldn't fix. Replaced. 2nd one screen reboots often. Customer service offered replace. Just want one that works. Can't get upgrade replacement
Works fine on wifi, otherwise a little slow. My kid enjoys it though. For the price it's good.
Not too satisfied with the sound and it loses Bluetooth connection no matter what phone I use (either Iphone or Android).
Alexa works great, but the the sound quality of this speaker is terrible, your much better off with a echo dot and bose sound link mini set up.
the speaker voice quality is terrible compare the similar size my logitech UE BOOM.the price is too high, even I got on promotion with $79
This product, while the speaker is great, fails to deliver with a voice interface. Use your cell phone or computer and buy an Echo Dot.
just okay! Product was for my girlfriend. Doesn't appear she uses it much except to steam music. Most of the questions I ask it I get nothing. I like Siri better.
It works about 50% of the time when asking it a question.
hard to use, and does not support Guam. online instructions not clear
I bought one for myself and a couple as gifts, it's cute but still haven't figured out what's so great about it. I will say that it does pick up your voice throughout a huge room.
I bought this as a Christmas gift. I'm told that they are enjoying it and are very Happy with all it can do.
The tap is a great concept, I love my echo so a portable one was that much better. However the sound is pretty terrible, no bass and can be scratchy.. It was a good concept just poor execution.
This is fun but would not buy again. Not very informative. Keeps say "I do not understand your question. "
I returned it because I wanted better sound...opted for a bose soundlink. Decent speaker with nice amazon prime/Alexa features...just not the sound I was looking for.
When it works it's great but for some reason it doesn't always answer me When it doesn't answer me I turn off the tv and make sure no one else is talking and it still doesn't work at that time. It was easy to set up with the phone app. Doesn't seem to matter where the phone is when it isn't working. I've tried close and far and in between. So a case of great when it works and the pits when it doesn't
Nice portable speaker but wish the sound quality was better.
I own an echo and the tap. The tap is slower to respond. If you haven't used the echo then you will like the tap.
Speaker is pretty loud and I love that I can take with me but the only downside is you have to hold the "home" button to use Alexa
For the price, you should be able to use as a speaker when talking on the phone. I had to use my daughter's Beats Pill for this function, therefore it's not worth all the hype.
Great device I use it on a regular basis. good investment
I'm thinking this must of been a fluke, it never worked. Had to return item but received full refund
I habe the echo and I bought this one fort my son's room but it's not as user friendly. I wish I would've just bought the other one.
Has a very good Bluetooth speakers sound quality is good but otherwise she's pretty useless when it comes to get answering questions
Much better than the echo dot. However, the fact that you have to touch the button to activate it instead of just talking to it is a bit annoying. Speaker is fairly powerful for its size.
I wouldn't buy it again...the software doesn't seem as well integrated with the hardware on this machine. I also have an Echo and I don't have the same connectivity issues with it that I do with this. I liked the features available with this...portability mainly with a long battery life, but with plagued by connectivity issues I can't say I would recommend it. I have looked at reviews online since purchasing and have discovered I am not the only one that feels this way. The sound, when it is connected and responding, is amazing.
This is not an upgrade by any means! My three year old kindle outperformed Oasis.Battery life better than a week with the lights on lowest setting Magnetic connector is poorly designed and grows weak Two pieces to keep up with; unsnaps constantly Amazon Customer Services promises it will resolved in an update
It is great for a bigger picture but runs really slow.
I am reading positive reviews and wish I could say the same. Best Buy is great, so this is not a reflection on them, just our experience with the product. We have had this product for just over one month and I have had to contact Amazon Support, perform factory resets to get content to show up, and the device is poorly designed as the SD card pops out constantly, which messes with DRM, and does you no good if this happens when you are not connected to the Internet to fix it. We are returning, and spending the extra money for an iPad. Will not purchase another kindle device unfortunately just based on this experience. If you just use the device for reading, maybe this is for you, but trying to download information to SD card and actually being able to access it has been beyond frustrating, as well as having to do factory resets so content owned/ already purchased on Amazon would show up on the device in the library.
For books games and internet it's perfectSound is a ittle weak
We bought this because we thought it would be great for reading books and playing a few games. However, awkward size makes the device very weird to hold and generally not enjoyable. The Fire HD 8 shares the exact same specs and has a higher battery life. There's almost no reason to take this device over the 8.
Have had it for a while noe. A littlebit unusual to press so hard to change page but now starting to get used to it.
The Kindle is great for just reading books, and the battery power is pretty good.The experimental browser is not very user friendly.
Clear reading in bright light outdoor settings. Long battery life.
I have a Paper White 1 and 2. Honestly it is difficult to justify double the price value. I certainly like most added features but not sure its worth the extra money. To note it operates great just not sure its worth an upgrade to the latest greatest.
My Kindle Voyage is nearly 16 months old and worked perfectly. I kept receiving emails from Amazon about the software update. I switched off airplane mode, switched on wifi and shortly after the screen locked up. I have tried everything with customer support and they now tell me I will have to buy a new one. I am very annoyed. If I had left the software as it was my Kindle Voyage would still be working.
This Kindle is so overloaded with apps that I will never use. Despite what one of Best Buys' associates said, you cannot remove any of the Amazon apps. The apps take up too much of the memory. I have an I Pad and love but bought this as a backup for work. Unfortunately, it bogs down. I also don't like that Amazon wants access to too much info to set up email, so I won't use this for emails either. I will likely sell it on Craig's List for less than half of what I paid for it.
I bought this tablet for my 4 year old daughter. Too many advertisements. I would rather pay more and not have a single ad.
horrible...just like the other 7 i have owned ONLY due to warranties
I have had every version of the Kindle since the week it was introduced and jumped at the chance for a Kindle Fire. I replaced the first one I had in 2014 and it was everything I wanted except this past summer it started overheating and got nonresponsive in the midday heat. So...I got this one. First of all I miss Swype. WHY get rid of it? Secondly I cannot put two of my favorite apps (which work on my old one) to work on this but lastly and most importantly: every once in awhile the screen freezes with a bunch of code "shimmering" in the background and only turning it off and/or leaving it for awhile brings it back to life AND it turns itself off. It seems to happen when I close a program and move to a new one. Aggravating and not what I expect from a product with which I have been happy in the past.
I was hoping to use Google launcher with this tablet but it is really locked down and you cannot change the launcher or the lock screen. Still cheap and fine for watching movies.
I purchased this to download books for school. Screen too small and OS was not to my liking
Not many apps. The first one was already returned...no power issue after 1week..I hope the second one is fine...
My father upgraded from the original Kindle Fire to this model, and he's very happy with it. It doesn't compete with more mainstream tablets, but he likes the Kindle's system for downloading library books.
Good starter unit. Easy for a beginner to use. Priced low to give you a taste of the tablet world.
The tablet works fine. It is responsive with good resolution. It is too tied to Amazon. It requires too many hoops to get apps such as Zinio to work. Until Amazon loosens its grip, I recommend only at a very good price.
It was great product. the price which I got it was great.
fire tablet is very powerful for the size and does everything!
was cheap, can not run chrome stuff, returned to store.
I didn't do any in depth research on this particular tablet. The price and speed were good for what I wanted it for. My only con is not being able to clear the home screen of apps or relocate them so I can see my personal home screen picture.
Much harder to work than an android. None of the wallpaper apps I downloaded from the kindle store work on the device. many of the other apps look cheap on the display. other wise it is prettier and more responsive than the cheaper $49 tablet. They make it look like an android tablet but it is not. no google play. Everything is just harder to work than on a regular android BUT for a tablet under $100 it exceeds expectations. It is more responsive than other models of fire
I think I downloaded 6 new apps. I wait to surf the web. This thing is so slow to respond. My old refurbished iPad is better. I really only bought it to stream Hulu and Netflix. I'm not excited about lighting up the home screen to find advertisements every day, but I guess you get what you pay for. I wanted inexpensive, I got it! Don't buy this if you are used to using quick responding electronics.
Worse graphics, won't keep a wireless connection,overall not satisfied
Prior to using the device I decided to recharge it to 100% and was shocked to find out that it takes 6 hours. Unless you have a lot of time don't buy this device.
This is a good tablet for basic use. I ened up returning it and going with an iPad which met my needs more. This tablet would be good for someone with limited computer knowledge/use.
nice size, very clear but randomly shuts off. cant remove unwanted apps from the home screen. if you watch video..it buffers alot and laggs.
I loved this tablet. I did! BUT I did not love that I was being sold ads every time I powered up! I loathe even more that I would have had to pay $15 to discontinue that feature. Amazon if you want $105 dollars for the Kindle Fire, charge it! but don't under price the device, and then flash ads at the the consumer at every opportunity. It is unbecoming of you! I returned this item pronto!
This tablet could be so much better if the apps actually worked decently. The built in Amazon pieces for Prime members is great and work flawlessly. But it's not enough to overcome the terrible app behavior and countless freezes.  They need to take a lesson or two from Apple.
I had to sideload google play services to be able to download from the google play store or use google chrome as a web browser, as this tablet was designed to be exclusive to Amazon.
Very helpful and friendly. Didn't have too much selection on what I was looking for. But found what I needed.
I brought this tablet during the Black Friday sale fast forward to Christmas when my 6 year opens it he was happy I set it up for him two days later it crashed never came back on. Blank screen. He was disappointed and so was I .
the amount i paid for the tablet is worth it on sale.
It's unfair for me to rate this product cause I have not even taken it out of the box to set it up.
Not a good product short battery life i can only use for 20 minutes
Thought it was to be better than what it is. Mother in law can play games an Facebook on it. Next time I will buy her a samsung
This tablet is great for books, audible books, music and all things Amazon. The included browser (Silk) is not the best. I purchased expanded memory (64GB SD card) for about $30 more and a cover for about $20. The biggest issue I have with this unit is that it is slow (when compared to an iPad) and it tends to freeze every so often. For about 2.5x more money, consider an iPad instead.
I'm disappointed that it doesn't have a mirror display mode.
Hoped this Fire HD 8 would be faster than my old HD Fire...not so much, I guess I expected the new Fire HD 8 to perform better but it still lags and is slow to load information while surfing the Internet. My wife's Ipad is light years ahead on this one, but what do you expect from a 60-70 dollar tablet.
Great value for the money. However, the operating system is a bit clunky. Constant notifications and messages to delete. Some can be turned off, other seem to just keep appearing. The reader app surprisingly is less than intuitive.
the first worked fine for three weeks then stopped. took back and got a replacement. this one lasted almost a month. again took it back and was told I had to deal with Amazon.Found out thru Amazon webpage that units simply froze up and how to reset it. Was upset that store associate knew nothing about the product. Had to research everything myself.
upgraded my 3 year old kindle- same old. doesnt seem that great of a difference. the graphical interface still sucks but its decent for reading.
Good tablet but not as smooth as high end tablets. It's limited to Amazon so don't expect to do as much as an Android or iPad. I like mine and will continue to use it. I recommend using one if you can before buying.
The specs are good, feels solid, can't stand the OS. Too many ads you can't get rid of, not as customizable as I'd like. If that doesn't bother you, it's a good tablet for the price. Don't expect to run games on it, not powerful enough for that.
I can't update Facebook and a few other apps. It's not what I expected.
Not easy to navigate and download apps to the device
Hard to use, Lots of ads, and Randomly closes apps
My 7-year old daughter saved up to by this. Her brother bought the 8GB about a year earlier, so new she needed more space. The OS is a bit clunky, and less intuitive then on higher priced tablets, but tough to beat the price. Speed isn't great for web or certain gaming apps, but fine for books. Parental controls are helpful, but take time to figure out and require more steps than seem necessary to change. Overall, OK first tablet for kids, considering the price. For adults, fine for e-books and VERY basic apps. Otherwise, best to pay up for better quality and OS efficiency.
Not a substitute for an iPad, but a really good tablet for reading and minimal internet usage.
Too proprietary, the apps my daughter liked I could not install on it for her so basically it was worthless for me and I returned it.
I bought this as a gift to my parents. The unfortunate part was that I was a little misinformed about the connectivity between the tablet and a chrome cast that I purchases as well as part of the gift. The tablet is not compatible with the table and that was a little disappointing. Other than that, it's an alright product.
Loved my husbands 4th generation disappointed in my 5th generation. 4th generation has 2 speakers and sound is much louder than the current 5th generation. I purchased this expecting the same quality in sound, or better, since I use the kindle to watch my TV shows.
is a God tablet but the camera could be a little better
Brought this for my 8 yr old son. He cannot put it down. Would recommend this product.
I purchased this since I bought my grandson this tablet for Christmas. The tablet is slow, considering price that's OK.I have problems with the charger, it won't charge when I am using the tablet, the charger needs to be plugged in and not moved for it to charge.For the price the tablet is OK.
Too proprietary, the apps my daughter liked I could not install on it for her so basically it was worthless for me and I returned it.
My first tablet was a Kindle. I was curious about the updated version. Very disappointed
It's an ok tablet because you need to have an Amazon account in order to download free apps
Too bad Amazon turned this tablet into a big advertising tool. Many apps dont work and the camera is not good.
Overall it is a good tablet, but I am not a fan of the limitations of the silk browser and Amazon app store.
Great for first time tablet, but more advanced options available
It's a little slow, and the camera isn't the best, but for the price it's fine
Overall it is a good tablet, but I am not a fan of the limitations of the silk browser and Amazon app store.
This does everything your smart phone does but with a larger screen for easier browsing and input.
This is not like other android tablets in a bad way.
I wish it has some more of the apps from the play store some are just not there
Bought this tablet for 8 year old. It holding up good & she loves it. She enjoys playimg her games & being able to get on the internet.
I was hoping to find something universal to as a tablet but you get what you pay for.
Loved my husbands 4th generation disappointed in my 5th generation. 4th generation has 2 speakers and sound is much louder than the current 5th generation. I purchased this expecting the same quality in sound, or better, since I use the kindle to watch my TV shows.
I do not like this Tablet one bit. It has to be registered with Amazon for it to function and it failed every time. I finally had to resort to calling Amazon's customer service, also not an easy task, to get it registered. There seems to be glitch in the programming, because when it failed again, I had to follow the same steps all over again to get it registered. I would highly recommend skipping this tablet and getting one that is not tied to any one company's operations, programming, or software.
bought a few kindles in the past but this time one of it came defective. the port was bent and it was hard to charge but still possible. comes in 4 different color. was 16gb enough space for kids, has camera, ok quality not the best but ok for pics taken by kids
Difficult to purchase. No stock in 6 stores, no order online or ship to store available. When it did become available it did not work. Once it turned on, I couldn't get any further. I could not log onto wifi network, though other items in my household work. Also the product wouldnt move past setting up the clock. Tried 3 days, gave up and returned the item.
I bought this as s present for my 65 year old grandma. She loves it. Very easy to operate. No issues
Purchased for my Father In Law - this was the most frustrating experience. Not user friendly - not friendly at all. Stick with a name brand tablet - Apple, Samsung, etc.. Avoid this device at all costs.
I only bought this as a travel companion when I fly. It was cheap and functional.
Nothing too special or complicated. Fills the need.
I don't recommend buying this. After 1 month of buying this, it won't charge or turn on.
bought a few kindles in the past but this time one of it came defective. the port was bent and it was hard to charge but still possible. comes in 4 different color. was 16gb enough space for kids, has camera, ok quality not the best but ok for pics taken by kids
Gave it to my granddaughter and she loves it..I want to buy one for myself....
I bought a Kindle Fire 16GB for my 6 year old son in June. After 4 months the charging port came loose and the device will not charge. Best Buy is aware of the issue and will do nothing about it. Amazon will not warranty their product for more than 90 days and they said the charging ports often break if children are using them! They have no options to fix the device and only offer a small discount if I buy a new one. Amazon does not stand behind this product. They are aware of the defect and continue to sell these.
Great for first time tablet, but more advanced options available
The sleek design and colors available for small kids is good. The tablet is a nice price and useful.
No instructions. Either paper or electronic. How do I transfer apps & data from old kindle to new one 9
This is not like other android tablets in a bad way.
My first tablet was a Kindle. I was curious about the updated version. Very disappointed
In my opinion it's very slow for internet use. Good for our 5 yr old to use but we purchased this for her to do online curriculums, which is almost impossible to do with this tablet because of the speed. Our internet connection is great with every other laptop and computer in the house.
Decent little tablet if you are not a game player. Tablet shuts down and I cant get it back on when I play games for long periods of time. It's not my ipad, that's for sure.
Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK
The last 2 models of Kindle HDX 8 have been terrible. We have purchased 2 of each model of Kindle and up until the last 2 models, they have been great. Last years had to be replaced 7 or 8 times and for the same problem. The slot for the SD card is defective. I gave up and bought the newest model. It shuts completely down if you try to plug it in to external speakers and sometimes it shuts down for no reason. It's going back after the first of the year. This is going to be my last year for Kindles unless they make them the same quality as before. Phooey!
This is not an upgrade by any means! My three year old kindle outperformed Oasis.Battery life better than a week with the lights on lowest setting Magnetic connector is poorly designed and grows weak Two pieces to keep up with; unsnaps constantly Amazon Customer Services promises it will resolved in an update
meh. it works. i find it difficult to navigate. i also have an ipad mini. this seems to be less intuitive than the ipad.
Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK
Decent little tablet if you are not a game player. Tablet shuts down and I cant get it back on when I play games for long periods of time. It's not my ipad, that's for sure.
The last 2 models of Kindle HDX 8 have been terrible. We have purchased 2 of each model of Kindle and up until the last 2 models, they have been great. Last years had to be replaced 7 or 8 times and for the same problem. The slot for the SD card is defective. I gave up and bought the newest model. It shuts completely down if you try to plug it in to external speakers and sometimes it shuts down for no reason. It's going back after the first of the year. This is going to be my last year for Kindles unless they make them the same quality as before. Phooey!
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife and things started out well but lately my wife has been having issues with it. It hasn't been working as it should and its only been a little over 2 months since she's had it. I'm going to try a hard reset on it and see if that helps.
The battery is having more and more trouble holding a charge. I bought the Fire in July and am now having to charge it every day in order to use it. I am not impressed and would not repurchase it.
My daughter has had this tablet for almost 2 months and it works well.
Very cheap and was not impressed at all never again
Hard to use, Lots of ads, and Randomly closes apps
I wish it has some more of the apps from the play store some are just not there
I order 3 of them and one of the item is bad quality. Is missing backup spring so I have to put a pcs of aluminum to make the battery work.
These do not hold the amount of high power juice like energizer or duracell, but they are half the price.
When I first started getting the Amazon basic batteries I really liked them. With recent purchases, they do not seem to last like they had, or maybe a mixed-bag (inconsistent with some lasting better than others). I have not done any tests, but feel some other brands may last longer. However, the price is hard to beat.
I don't know if I would buy thus brand again seems like they don't last as long as Duracell
In my opinion these did not last anywhere near as long as Duracel in things like LED candles (which is crazy) and trail cameras. Cameras were not exposed to cold temps more or less than other batteries. WE buy in bulk for the north house. Amazon Basics is great for things like sheets and beeding and towels. In my opinion the battery life, in the large package of aaa and aa size we purchased were lacking.
Bought these batteries for my Christmas gifts the month of (december) only lasted like 2months toys now need replacement batteries . I also used some for my doorbell and just now needs replacement batteries. Tv Remote control is still working but these batteries don't last very long...
These do not last long at all very cheap batteries no happy
these were under a light we thought they were there to fit the light when they arrived and nice company they were not the batteries we needed it should have been aa but that is ok,it was our fault not knowing this. thanks..
Just got them so i really wont kno for a few eeeks or so how good these batteries are
These batteries are horrible. We depend on AA batteries for many wireless microphone and have found that brand-name batteries last about a month per our usage. We switched to Amazon basics to try it out when a subscription for our preferred brand was no longer available and have found that, under the same usage, these batteries last about a week. That's a 1/4 capacity.
I put these batteries in 10 of the 12 window candles that I bought - I put my last 2 Duracell in the other 2. The Amazon Batteries lasted for about 10 days and the Duracell lasted for 12. Since then I've experimented to see if this is consistent . It is, the Duracell last an average of 17 longer.
First time I bought these they worked well and lasted almost as long as the name brands. Not the same this time around, almost no charge - 4-6 hours of run time - Junk batteries.
These batteries don't last even in a simple digital clock. 2 weeks at best.
Date on the back of these were 1992. Yeah, 1992. Inedible.
Battery storage life only lasted 8 months (stored indoors).
If it's possible to have gotten a dud batch I sure got it. We BLEW through all these batteries in less than a month. My kids toys aren't that super powered and even in remotes I was having to change batteries way too often. For example the magic touch counting toy, the store batteries lasted 3 years. Popped in some Amazon batteries, 1 month and the second child didn't play with it nearly as much as the first. For the price it was worth the try but I'm going back to the other brands.
Sorry to say I've been disappointed with these. They didn't last as long in my remotes and RC transmitters as even other store brand alkaline batteries.
I can only use these on those indoor flameless candles and even then, they dont last very long...a little disappointed...
During my first recharging they were leaking and wrapping was coming off. A waste of money
TERRIBLE! Barely lasted three hours during a digital camera shoot where Duracell lasts multiple days.
These don't last long at all.
Use these in a wireless BT mouse. Has about 30 less life as copper top brand. Good price, but most likely will not buy again.
Lasted about a week in my electric toothbrush. Energizer and Duracell brand lasted a month. Tried with 4 different Amazon batteries, same results. Very dissatisfied
They didn't last very long in my cheap camera. With them not being lithium I didn't expect them to last forever, but I should of gotten more then a days use out of them. In my Xbox controller they lasted an adequate amount of time. So all in all these definitely aren't for heavy use and the price point reflects that.
Adequate performance. I just pulled 16 batteries from four night lights. Half of these were the AmazonBasics AA batteries. Not surprising until I tell you that that AmazonBasics batteries were the last to be installed and the other half were installed long before the AmazonBasics. I don't think I'll buy these again.
Mediocre performance
We use battery operated candles with timers. The batteries normally have to be changed once a month. These cheap batteries lasted 2 weeks. I thought these batteries were a good deal, but I was wrong.
All the batteries came dead so I did a return and got new ones. Second order was the same as the first.Update: still have yet to receive refund from second order after several weeks!!!
all dead
Maybe mine is a bad batch, had a serious leak on one of them, these batteries seem to last as long as duracells but duracells never leaked in my experience
Batteries don't last very long compared to Duracell or Energizer
My 37 days old Amazon fire stick quit working, the system was fine it just seemed like the remote wasn't getting any juice. Tried 3 different sets of these batteries in it and it still wouldn't work-and yes, I put them in the right way. Contacted Amazon about the limited warranty on remote as it was just past 30 days purchased and couldn't return, but before sending back for warranty service and being without TV for who knows how long and just to make sure, I bought some energizer batteries. Wouldn't you know it, the remote fired right back up. Can't trust these batteries.
I use hundreds of AAAs annually, and despite the graphics in ad, these are about the poorest performing, with least longevity, of any I have bought. Still have another 100 of these, but will likely go thru those quickly.
Does not last as long as Duracell quantum. These were sent as a supplement
These are budget friendly but don't last! I bought for my battery operated candles that typically use batteries for 6-8 weeks. Twice these batteries barely lasted 1 week. It was so disappointing. Amazon produce are usually so good, but I would not recommend these.
The juice in these batteries aren't long term.
Approximately half of the batteries I've tried so far are dead. Low expectations for the remainder of the lot, and never buy these again.
As expected.
As expected from Amazon, there were no problems with the ordering and delivery process. So far I have installed several batteries, but it's too soon to tell how long they are going to last.
At least half of this batch had no charge, or at least so little that they died within an hour of being put in a walkie-talkie. Very disappointed
These were OK. I don't think I'll but them in the future. I prefer Energizers.
Decent battery, but seem to change them out a little bit faster than the big name batteries.
These batteries won't last long. An led flashlight will drain them in a hurry. I usually like Amazon products but this is one to avoid.
Not good
I've been using these on my roku remote and the lifespan is terrible. About two weeks, when Duracell's have been 1-2 months
Awful poor performance. My mouse ran for several weeks to several months from Duracells but have never gotten more that several days from these. Will not buy again.
These batteries do not hold charge well. By the time I need to use it few weeks none of them work
BAD BATCH NOT LASTING!Have been using these for the Roku Remote, and they are dying after just a few days of use.Have been happy with Amazon battery purchases in the past.Not sure if the quality is overall lower than it once was, or if this was just a bad batch.
They for really fast
Some of the four packs (02-2027) are bad upon first use.
Theses did not work. Wanted to make sure I had batteries for the item I was purchasing but they did not work. I had to dig some out of my junk drawer.
Wrong item.
They last a day in an xbox controller, if you're lucky
Many of the batteries are no good.
Wish I didn't buy these. Amazon does a lot of things well but batteries No. Not so much. These do not work for more than a moment. Lay the extra for name brand.
Terrible. Just changed the batteries on my wireless keyboard... yesterday. Already dead. Put another set in low powered christmas lights. Dead in about an hour. (I have another identical christmas light set, powered by Energizer batteries. Still going after many many days of running).Unfortunately bought the 48 pack. Won't make this mistake again.
What we expected, a bargain battery, so we are happy.
Great price.
Batteries are great, price isn't the best. I've seen similar packs of generic batteries for cheaper. Wegmans comes to mind..
Batteries are great.....I need them for my work for my camera for taking pictures on the job of properties. Nice to have extras on hand at an affordable price. I don't see that they last any less time than the name brand batteries.
good part is that they give you a lot of them. bad part is they die way too quickly.
These batteries die very fast. These are used in a remote and I have replaced them 4 times within a year. The previous batteries lasted 3 years.
Somewhat disappointed with these batteries. They die rather quickly. I'm not using them for things that use a lot of power either. Like the remote for my TV. I have to change them frequently. Expiration date of 2026, but they go fast, unless I got a bad batch. I would rate them down there with cheap Rav-o-vac or a grocery store brand.
This batteries have been disappointing. Use them for holiday decorations and some of the items that used to go for weeks are not requiring batteries every couple of days.
I have two Macs, each with their own wireless mac keyboards. I used these batteries in both keyboards and each worked great for several days. My desk keyboard failed to connect last week so I attempted to replace the batteries, but they had expanded inside the keyboard and will not come out. I assumed it was a chance happening. But now my wireless keyboard at my downstairs computer just failed. The batteries have expanded inside that keyboard as well and will not come out. Amazon refunded us for the batteries but now we need to replace the two keyboards the batteries ruined.
Extremely short shelf-life and usage life would never buy Amazon batteries again
Beware these batteries - I just packed them up for returning hated to have to do so but they lasted only 5 hours in tiny flashlights for my grand kids !!! Big disappointment too - won't buy this brand batteries again...nor do I recommend them to anyone out there !
Just purchased in October and replaced the batteries in my camping lantern this past week using these. The batteries leaked inside the lantern so badly that it wrecked the device altogether. I attempted to clean the contacts and use a different brand batteries, but enough battery acid leaked that the plastic and internals have a permanent coat of oxidation on it. Had to buy a new lantern. Do not plan on purchasing again in future as the batteries are ineligible for a return at this point.
I was excited to see that Amazon was allowing its name to be used on batteries as I feel that Amazon is concerned about its image. Bought these batteries and placed four of them into my camera. Took 2 RAW photos and the batteries are now dead. What a disappointment.
2 out of the 8 batteries popped while on the charger. I got battery acid all over my hands trying to get them out and cleaned up.
Batteries seem to work fine but they are packaged in multiples of 4 and it's an annoyance to break open a new pack each time. What's the point in buying in bulk with so much packaging
None of first eight batteries I opened worked. Tested other batteries to confirm was a battery problem. Confirmed!!!Wow.
I change the batteries at least once a month. These things eat batteries like crazy and are hardly used.
Breaks down too fast and won't run my trail camera but around 6 hours.
My remote wouldn't work so I took out my batteries and noticed the end of one of these batteries leaked all along one side of my remote.
Had my first battery leak from the package. Installed batteries in November 2016 in house thermostat, so a fairly important device. Not sure when the leak began, but was discovered today (1/13/2017 - little more than two months later) after the furnace was running non-stop and house temperatures reached over 80 F. Checked the batteries and found one had leaked all over the contacts and battery holder in the thermostat.
Leaked all over our lantern battery case. I purchased these batteries for an emergency since they had a long shelf life. I put 4 batteries into each of my lanterns and 2 each into my flashlights. I have multiple battery leaks between the lanterns and flashlights. I ended up spending over an hour cleaning up the battery cases and flashlights. I've purchased the AAA pack as well and don't seem to have the same problem.
These batteries did their job but did not last very long at all. At the time of writing this I used them about two months. Normally that would be good, but I only was using them in a set of LED string lights that I kept on at most an hour a day. In the past month I barely used them at all, because the batteries had started to die and alter the color of the lights. I had expected to get a lot longer use out of them, considering other brands I only need to change every six months at earliest.
I've had several of these 'fail' long before they should have. Several instances of having to replace them much sooner that competitors batteries.
This item arrived with no battery pack. There is no way to power the toy without it because you can't just use regular batteries.
My bluetooth mouse and keyboard eat batteries, so I liked the idea of a big pack that I could just leave in my desk. These batteries are pretty woeful, though, lasting only about 1/2 as long as the Duracells I get in the grocery store.
Be Careful with this one - I put 4 of these into my TV remote and almost immediately had one pop. I could hear a sizzling sound within the remote and I immediately took out the battery carrier (I inserted them in proper polarity). One of the batteries was actually fizzling at the female end where it had split and was leaking. Unreal.... I've never had a battery do this before. I will NOT be ordering these ever again.
I put these in a Pumpkin candle for Halloween and they lasted 4 days. I put them in a Flameless candle set of 5 and they lasted one week set on a timer to go on for 5 hours a night. These are really not economical. Best to pay the price for the good ones.
Had these in my wii for 2 weeks and the batteries leaked all over.
I have encountered several AmazonBasics batteries lately which were dead on arrival. Since they are cheap, I just throw them in the trash and try some more. However this is concerning. If this occurs much more I will stop using them and purchase more traditional, reliable brands. Simply beware when you purchase these, some bad ones may be mixed in the batch.
I just went to use these for the first time... and they exploded in the remote I put them in! Literally, a loud pop and a black liquid was leaking out into my remote and all over my hands. Needless to say, it scared me to death!
Sorry to say these batteries leaked in a lighted mirror and ruined it. C'mon, Amazon!
bought these batteries because the duracell batteries tend to leak, but these batteries i had to replace in five light sets that the duracellslast months these lasted a week. The duracells leak but only if you leave them dormant in the fixture.
Bought these for my sisters day care. She said half of them did not work at all, were dead when received
Not the longest lasting. But good for the price.
Pros: You can get a LOT of batteries for a very cheap price!Cons: Batteries do not last very long at ALL!I don't mind changing out batteries on something I use constantly since I got the hundred back, but it can get a little annoying doing it once a week. I bought these specifically for my XBox One controller which is used daily for an hour or two on average.
For some reason, they are not working very well with my wireless mouse. Mouse pointer mover very slowly when I use these batteries, but it works fine when I use different batteries
Not sure how long these last yet, but seem fine so far. I like the box they come in that is strong, but then they put hard plastic wrap on 4 packs of the battery that are a pain to remove. Get out your knife, don't cut yourself.
The batteries are sligtly bigger and will not fit in some electronics I thought AA was the standard size Nope, I was wrong, but the good news is I now am the proud owner of 48 slightly oversized batteries that do not fit in most of my battery operated devices. Perfect! Out of 9400 reviews nobody noticed the size issue with these
I love Amazon. I am a prime member. Have had an amazon credit card for 16 years. Think their service and pricing is second to none.But.... these batteries are garbage. Gar-bage.They really don't work or at the very least don't work most of the time. Even when they do appear to work they only last like 1/4 of the time a normal AA would. Maybe you can justify the pricing for certain situations.Should you use them for led string lights and hope they last a couple months Yep.Portable defribrilator No.RC car Sure.Camera for younger sister's wedding in the Greek Isles Nope.Vibrating nose hair trimmer Ok.Computer battery for your 17 hour flight to Siberia Nyet.Get my drift... sure try them out, and keep trying them, like I have, but don't put any faith in them.
These are the WORST batteries I have ever encountered anywhere in my 46-year life! I am appalled that Amazon put their name on them I guarantee that if these had been my first Amazon purchase, I would never have done business here again. If they had not been wrapped in packs of 4 batteries in cellophane, I would have been certain that someone else had used them all up and then returned these batteries to Amazon.None of the batteries was anywhere close to full power - they couldn't provide adequate power to anything I tried them in for any battery-powered item to work properly. Candles and flashlights were so dim I would have required more of them than I am physically capable of carrying to avoid tripping over my own feet. None of the appliance remotes would even turn their respective appliances on after these batteries were inserted. Every item I tried these batteries in also stopped working completely due to a dead battery in less than 30 minutes.Obviously, I should have returned these batteries, and I'm sure I would have done so if my mom had not had a heart attack shortly after I received them. I am just grateful she is now doing so well that neither she nor her cardiac surgeon have to rely on any battery-powered device!!!
This set of batteries exploded being stored in my garage, right next to a set of duracell. Duracell is fine.
These last about a week.
Not good. Don't last a week.
The ones that work work fine however I've just had to toss eight because they're dead. don't work. not happy
These are wretched batteries. They typically last only two weeks in a TV remote control device, they can't power a computer's mouse beyond a week, and I have serious doubts about their shelf life. Packaging is nice, though, sort of like The Washington Post.
Bad investment. Some of the batteries did not even work - no juice in them. Really surprised by the poor quality, Amazon Basics.
Terrible batteries!! They exploded all over my face. Received them on a Monday and that Sunday was having problems with my remote so I opened it up and was sprayed in the face with acid. Luckily it missed my eye. I have bought cheap batteries before and never had anything like this happen before!!
From experience, the worst batteries I've ever purchased. Not sure if these were manufactured second hand but more than half of the pack died within ONE USE. As a new mom who depends on the quality and longevity of a good battery for her child's needs, I will never order this product ever again.
I can only think of one way to describe this item...JUNK!!!
I use these for my son's Thomas and friends trains, and they didn't last very long. Maybe 2 days at the most. Won't be ordering these again.
Probably should have rated these one star, but I didn't because I like Amazon as a whole. These batteries are soooo bad though! They were comparable to the Kirkland ones at Costco in price so I decided to switch things up and try these out. Huge mistake. These last half the life of Kirkland's. Not kidding. Not worth it. These are cheap!!!!!!!!
I realized after purchasing that the reason you get so many for such great price is because it takes the entire box to equate to one 12 pack of more expensive batteries. The life on these is terrible! I've used them in everything from remote controls to kid toys and they run out VERY fast. Go ahead and spend the extra money for a better quality battery.
Only 3 worked out of the entire pack.
These batteries did not do the job for us. They were low powered and did not last as long as their competition.I thought all AA batteries were the same but after our experience with these I have to say that you get what you pay for.I am not sure how or why they are different than other batteries, lower voltage less capacitanceThey are cheap - do not buy them.
They sure wore out quick! We normally go thru about a dozen AAA batteries in a year. We use them most for TV remotes and wireless mouses. But we replacing these every month. I was quite amazed at how quickly they were wearing out! I have a battery checker and once they hit yellow, they were done.Cheap batteries but I would not recommend nor will I buy again.
They're cheap but we went through these in less than half the time of the previous pack of the same, which was Duracell. I was hoping the brand wouldn't matter but it seems that in this case, it does.
These run down in my TV remote quicker than any battery I have used. TV says low battery within a week of installing. I will try another brand next time. Amazon, please keep an eye on quality and have your manufacturer test and give you results periodically. They will often provide good samples for evaluation early in production and then lower quality later.
Amazon brand batteries are very poor quality. Don't last more than 3 months in a remote control (which barely uses any power). This is shameful and stupid as it diminishes confidence in the Amazon brand name.
Very nice looking in picture and from a distance but the clock itself is cheaply made....The actual clock mechanism stopped working twice and doesn't work at all now.
The positive cap is just a little shorter than it's supposed to be. That means battery holders which have shoulders built into them, the positive terminal doesn't touch the contact. The Chinese find creative ways to cut corners to achieve the desired price point of the customer. They do not sacrifice profit...they sacrifice quality...they sacrifice quantity and they sacrifice material. Thanks China!
These batteries held up about as well as dollar store batteries. Very disappointed in quality.
While most, modern day batteries no longer contain mercury, the Amazon basics battery line unfortunately does. Which means they're bad for the environment, and not able to be disposed of other than in appropriate hazardous waste. I'll spend the extra few dollars and buy a name brand
Battery drains quite quickly when left inside several other products I had when unused. Not sure if its cheaper than the store, but the quality is not as good as Duracell if I remember correctly. Other than that, getting it as an add on item is great because it allows me to use my products right when I get them without having to worry about making a quick trip to the store
Stopped working in less than 3 months.
Do not last as long as costco/kirkland equivalents.
These batteries seem to not last as long as other batteries I have used. They feel like they're made of good material, but they don't last as long as I would like them to.
These batteries are crap. Last a few days in xbox controller. Energizer lasts months. Don't waste your money.
DO NOT PURCHASE! These batteries leaked in a machine I was using in my kids room to project stars on the ceiling. When I picked the projector up, it leaked battery fluid on me and burned my arms and legs. It could have gotten on my children! The leaking fluid also ruined the projector.The batteries were new, stored at room temp, used at room temp, not recharged, and not exposed to any fluid or abnormal conditions. Disposing in the appropriate manner.ETA: I was VERY happy with Amazon's resolution despite this bad experience. Thanks Amazon... I'll order batteries from you again. Just not your brand...
Just put them in 3 days ago and already dead. Going with the name brand next time.
With four kids under the roof, their toys are always in need of AA batteries. I had purchased this AmazonBasics pack of AA batteries for exactly that purpose. The expiration year reads 2024, but after just two years of sitting on the shelf, the batteries that are left are all but dead. They weren't left in cold storage to freeze, they were right on the shelf in our living room. I ended-up going to Radio Shack and purchasing one of their batteries instead.I can only imagine that most of the 5-star reviews for this product are based off initial impressions and short-term use. It's really sad that they just can't hold their own after only two years. Will stick with known brands from now on.
Bought a box of 36 aaa batteries and all batteries were dead. Don't waste your money. The only way I rated it 1one star is because it would not except ZERO stars which is what this product deserves.
None of these batteries had a full charge. My charge detector never reached the green zone. They were one half used up. This was true for the other two sizes D and AAA.
All the batteries came dead. None of them worked. Don't bother buying these.
I got two of these batteries with my Fire TV stick. Loaded them in and everything was good for 1.5 days. Then the Fire TV stick stopped responding. I trouble shooted with no fix. Called customer service and they had me trouble shoot too, started by saying can you change the batteries.... my response ... seriously, you want me to change the batteries, it's a freaking TV stick what could possibly be wrong, the batteries are brand new and came with the device. So I was changing the batteries as I was saying all that only for the new batteries to fix the problem. So.... these amazon batteries died in 1.5 days. How does that happen
It's seems as thought all of the batteries in the package are already dead. They are only lasting 3-4 days in the devices I'm putting them in. Fairly disappointed
These are the worst batteries I have ever come across. I just discovered today that mostof the batteries I was sent were dead. I put 8 batteries into a device 3 weeks ago and the batteries were already dead (energizers lasted a year and a half in the same device) I put 4 others into another device and they lasted only 1 month (energizers lasted 2 years in this device). Both devices were operated under the same conditions. I tried putting new Amazon batteries into the devices, and the devices didn't work I tried putting another set in, same problem. I then placed Energizer batteries into the devices, and they work. I essentially bought 12 working batteries that lasted less than a month in devices that used them in such a manner they would last 12x as long. Never purchasing Amazon batteries again. I would return them for being dead, but I am outside the 30 day return window.
Two of the batteries were already dead. The rest work fine.
The batteries were not operable out of the package. Thought it was the appliance, but replaced with other batteries and it worked fine. Luckily, Amazon's return policy is amazing but I doubt I'll try another one of their Basics brand items anytime soon.
These work pretty well. They don't seem to last quite as long as Duracell or Energizer, but for the price I will continue to buy.
decent batteries. ok life.
They dont last as long as certain premium brands but they do OK. I wouldnt put them in critical apps like smoke detectors but for TV remotes and toys and all the other goofy modern distractions that regularly beg for AAs they are OK.
Not the best, not the worst. Less life than some batteries but price is right.
Defective and cheap. Only a third held any charge and those died super fast.
We must have gotten a defective lot, because these have caused every fire alarm in the house to sound within days of installing these batteries. Too late to return. So much for 10 year shelf life.
Defective! All Amazon batteries I tried over the past year have been defectlve. Most too short. I have to constantly pull the spring, if the device has the spring, and roll the battery around to get it to work again. These are new batteries. Many of the batteries were thrown away because we thought they had been used up. It wasn't until recently that we realized it was all the Amazon batteries that were causing the problem. I was on the phone with Amazon for two hours yesterday trying to get these orders straighten that out. I still have no confirmation that I do not have to send the batteries back because many went into the trash.
I am now trying to use the batteries and basically they are not working. Perhaps they are old, but they are just plain not working. I put in a Duracell and my headphones work. I put any one of the 36 batteries in the headphones - and it is not working. It is not worth the effort to get my 10 back.
These batteries wore out much too quickly. I almost replaced the weather station after it went through 2 sets of batteries in about 1 month. Luckily, something else with the same kind of batteries burned out the same day and I realized that the batteries were bad, not the electronics. .
Batteries dead as of June 1. I did not use half of then. Good for 6 months.
We used in an August smart lock. We expected to get about 2-3 months of use based on the energizer batteries that came with the lock, but batteries died in 2 weeks.
DID NOT RECIEVE AA I only recieved Cbatteries!
I bought these for remotes in my home. I'm constantly having to change them and sometimes the brand new batteries don't work.
I used these in wireless microphones in church. They didn't last as long as I expected. Actually, rechargeable batteries do nearly as well.
Ive gone thru half the box. Everyone of these batteries lasted for about 10 minutes and then died. Not happy at all! Wasted money on something i needed.
I have no idea why these batteries are reviewed so well. I used them in a small LED keyboard light for my computer, and I had to change them weekly. Sure you get more batteries for less money, but in total I think you'd be better off buying a quality brand.
These batteries die out a lot faster than the Duracell batteries we normally purchase. Yes, they are cheaper, but unfortunately more batteries are ending up in the landfills because we are going through these too fast.
They didn't last long, do not waste your money!! Die quickly, most of them didn't even work out of the package!!
Hi ordered these thinking they were a great price, but sadly they die very quickly.
these suck! They run out in literally just a few days. I have used several sets of these for my AC thermostat which is battery powered and the thermostat died every few days when using amazon brand batteries. using Duracell or energizer - they last for at least a few mos. I will never buy amazon batteries again. You get what you pay for.
these batteries died very quickly when compared to energizer or Duracell. Spend a little more and get a lot more battery life.
run out super quick! would not buy again
Holds basically a 30 minute steady usage charge and dies. We used these in microphones, and they died within the 30-40 minute range, fully charged.It also seems that the older they get, the longer it takes to charge and the faster they die out. Not very reliable, unfortunately.
Cheap price but they sure don't last very long. I won't buy the Amazn brand again.
Disappointed by the amount of time these batteries lasted.
Do not hold charge as well as major brands.
Does not turn well at all. Will be returning it
I love Amazon, but these aren't at the same level as the big brands. I use them in some monitoring devices in my home. Typically I would need to change these every 3 months, but these are lasting about 6-7 weeks at best. They're ok, but just don't have the life expectancy I need.
these batteries are terrible very disappointed. i have purchased before great long lasting very powerful. i must have received a bad batch they don't last very long. i may not purchase again.
Worked for one day, then stopped working. Can't tell if it deterred any cats because it only went off when I walked by, but didn't register the cats when they jumped on the counter.Would not recommend.
Disappointed with this product. Used them for led candles and had to wiggle them around to get them to work. At the same time I also purchase ACDelco Batteries because Amazon would only allow the purchase of one box. I'm glad I did because the ACDelco batteries worked great! I would not purchase AmazonBasics batteries again.
Batteries are notably less long-lived compared to other brands. Disappointed!
The price was right but they just don't last as long as the other name brand batteries so it's not worth it.
Sadly these batteries are horrible! I hardly ever have complaints about anything I order but these batteries barely have any power and I've had to change them out many times.
These batteries literally only last 15 minutes inside of each device I put them in. When I researched the product, they told me the only way was to spend 50 on the recharger for these batteries. I personally do not buy batteries to have to spend more than what I spent on them in whole to have to buy a whole other product to recharge them. Worst amazon product I ever wasted my money on
These batteries were a huge disappointment. I used two in my amazon tv remote and they lasted only 2 weeks. Usually, I only need to change batteries in that remote every 3-4 months or so. Total ripoff.
I am disappointed with this purchase. I purchased these for my Dad, delivered to him in October, 2015. I am visiting, and just opened the brand new package, and inserted 4 of them to run his blood pressure cuff. The machine worked, but the battery indicator showed low, I switched the batteries with other brand new amazon batteries - same reading. Then I switched with another set of name brand batteries, and the battery indicator showed high/full. If I was home, I would have used my battery meter. No 10 year shelf life - not even a 10 month shelf life. Amazon, I am usually one of your biggest fans, but not this time.
For some reason, these just haven't held a charge the way the Duracells I've used the past do. I've used these in those small-wired-LED lights you can use for decorations. Those lights take 3 AA batteries and while the old Duracells I've used lasted several months on a 4-hour on, 16 hour-off timer, these are lasting just a few weeks.
These batteries are not lasting at all.... very short life on them... super disappointed...
Batteries don't last that long I bought these for some of the little round lights that go in your closets or under your cabinets they didn't make it a week which was sad.
Spend a few more dollars and get a branded one. These discharge very fast. Had to keep changing my wall clock battery every 2 months when I had these. Got an energizer battery and that stayed for more than a year. Didn't expect amazon product to be of such poor quality.
DO NOT BUY. All batteries arrived completely dead. I thought it might be a bad batch. Ordered more, all arrived dead.
I only have it one star because I couldn't give zero stars. Over half of the box were dead. The ones that did work, only worked for a very short time. Do not buy these batteries.
They didn't work. Took one from each pack and - nothing!
Went to pit them on for the first time and the strap behind the buckle broke. Never even got to wear them. Poor construction, cheaply made product.
You get what you pay for.Lucky to get 2 weeks of minimum use.
They went Dead before even using them.. The ones i used lasted maybe 4hours at best !!!
Might as well be dead on arrival. Already burned through two sets of 4 of these since I ordered them less than two months ago on a Schlage keypad deadbolt lock. The previous batteries lasted over a year. I'll never order another Amazon basics battery.
Purchased these 3 months ago in addition to a higher end () brand that came with a 9 docket charger. The higher end rechargeables are still going strong. These leaked battery acid all over my charger and ruined one docket, and ruined an under cabinet puck light. Save your money! They won't last!
Bought these batteries thinking they were a good price. I have two deodorizer devices that spray a tiny amount every :20 minutes. I put these batteries in one and a brand name in the other. The name brand batteries have not been changed yet ant these batteries have gone through 4 pairs. Name brand are cheaper in the long run
I don't understand why these are rated so highly - these batteries DO NOT LAST. I have never experienced batteries that died so quickly....I used them from everything to my computer mouse to microphone and they lasted maybe about 1/4 the time of what I'm used to. I guess you get what you pay for - would never order these again
They do not last long at all. I have to keep changing them out on the products I put them in. Will not be buying them again.
batteries last a fraction of the time that most of the other well known battery brands do
I ordered a ton of these for holiday candle lights. They are in for 6 hours each night and turn off on a timer. We are 15 days in and every single candle (34 of them) is so dim you can barely see them.Expected to get far more life out of these. Do not recommend.
They do not work. I had to buy Duracell
These batteries started leaking right out of the box.I threw them in the trash and went back to Duracell.
Medium durability. Gonna buy Duracell in future. Do you have great quality rechargeables
DOA. Had to replace with other batteries. What a disappointment. Threw them away. :(
I got a bad batch. 4 of them arrived dead. I would have sent them back but I missed my window.
Literally the worst battery I've ever had. I've used them in different types of products and they are DEAD WITHIN A WEEK every time. Go to the dollar tree and save yourself some money and a headache
They are ok batteries. I use them on my remotes and have to switch out frequently.
Does not last. Very short life span.
After one use in a regular used battery powered item it's dead. With other brand I can use the item several times before I have to replace the battery.
I was really excited to find a great deal on batteries. I would have to say if you just used these batteries for remote controls. And basic stuff then this would be the battery pick hands down. I could not believe how many batteries I went through for a child's toy. These batteries don't hold there ground against brand name. I burnt through 24 amazon batteries in one month on my son's hot wheel course. Just basic use maybe an hour a day at most. Brand name has lasted 2 months.
These die SO fast.
Put these batteries in led string lights on two wreaths, place kirkland batteries in another set of the same lights....guess what Amazon batteries loose their power quickly. Kirkland batteries are still flashing strong,,,,,,Amazon batteries barely blink. Sorry Amazon, love you but not these for me.
doesn't work with everything. baby toys good. electronics not so much
It doesn't work with my Amazon wireless mouse
These go dead very quickly. Not worth it if you rely on whatever the batteries are powering. Maybe ok for a remote control or something unimportant.
Didn't have hardly any charge to them. A total waste of money.
These batteries don't even work in a Amazon Firestick!
Don't Buy! I thought it was a great deal initially, but these batteries are drained SUPER QUICKLY. I have one in my wireless Logitech mouse and I have had to replace the battery 4 times since November, that is 5 batteries in 2 months that is ridiculous! I have started buying the Duracell ProCell Batteries, I am having much better results.
Worst batteries for photographers. I'm sure they might be fine for using around the house, but for what I purchased them for (using with my external flash) these are the worst batteries I've ever used.Won't purchase them again.The black ones that are supposed to be better are also horrible for photographers.Household use only.
Never put a review online about a purchase , but this Amazon battery leak so badly I have to discard all of them after 2 weeks of use, DON'T BUY THIS ITEM ....
These are, by, far, the worst batteries my family has ever purchased. They have all lasted less than one week and I've only used them in things that see usage a few times per week. None of them have seen more than 10 min total usage before needing replaced and q about a third of them have leaked or corroded worthiness a few days. I've had much better luck with dollar store brands.
I use it for the roku remote and it runs out so fast, holds for about 2-3 weeks (just like the chineese batteries),
You get what you pay for here. These are cheap batteries and don't last very long, I'd spend the extra and get rechargeables.
I put two of these in my small flashlight and they only lasted about 15 minutes. Waste of money.
Don't hold a charge as long as other comparable batteries
I purchased them thinking they would be a great value, based on other reviews. I have an alarm keypad (among other things) that I use them in. Previously batteries would last about a year in the keypad. These batteries will last about a month before they die. The first time it happened, I thought there could have been a bad battery or possibly my memory was failing me. After 3 sets in 3 months, there is no doubt. The batteries test fully charged when I install them and then a month later they are gone. That is not a great value at all. I will find another battery for future use.
Good price but batteries just don't last as long as name brands. My hope was to power Christmas decorations through the holidays and save a few bucks. Many of these batteries did not make it. In the future I will stick with proven brands.
Terrible. Don't hold their charge, I change the batteries in my remote once a week. Will not be buying again.
These are terrible. Don't last Put then in various items and their life is only 1/2 half of a Duracell
These have failed after a few weeks each time I've used them in my wireless keyboard. Duracells, on the other hand, have lasted for months.
I like that these batteries are cheaper but they don't last as long as I'd like. We will continue to buy them though because of the price.
This is my 2nd time ordering them and even though they arrive very fast and nicely packaged, these batteries only last about an hour and a half on my son's toy train.
I don't know why but these things don't last long. Maybe I don't know anything about batteries and there is certain number I should be looking for to determine the life span. I ended up going through these quickly so I could probably just buy the expensive ones and get the same life rather than keeping on purchasing these.
Batteries do not last at all. Worth just getting energizer batteries instead.
After using two sets of these, I am going to agree with other reviewers and say that they don't last as long as name brand batteries.
I didn't expect them to be as good as duracell or energizer, but they only lasted a few weeks in my clock.
These batteries don't last half as long as the RayoVacs I usually get.
These batteries don't last. They might be a good value but for me it's more important to have a battery that lasts longer. Or use these for hiking and rockclimbing and working on my car in the middle the night if I have a flat tire. If you use them like that you want a much better battery like the name brands Duracell, energizer etc. If you just want something that's cheap these batteries are definitely cheap but I bought the 60 count Duracell batteries for .36 each. I think the Amazon ones go for just a bit over .20 each. I think the Duracell's last more than a third longer.
They lasted less than 24 hours in my mouse and that includes turning the mouse off overnight! What a ripoff.
I bought these batteries to charge my insulin pump - a life critical device. After I started using them, I found my pump worked terribly and after testing all other variables, popped out the Amazon battery and replaced with a Duracell, and everything was back to normal. I won't use these again.
I am very disappointed in these. I put them in my remote and within 24 hrs they are completely dead. For shame, Amazon. For shame.
Won't buy again, I replaced batteries in my smoke detectors with these less than two months ago, replacing again with Duracell. The last Duracell batteries lasted almost 3 years in the same detectors. Don't waste your money on these, spend a little more for a good product.
I use a lot of batteries for lighted decorations all year round. I tried these out during Halloween. They were the worst. I tested them against Sams Club batteries, Harbor Freight Tools batteries and duracell. The amazon always died first. They even leaked that battery acid out after a few hours of use. Just horrible. I removed these from my subscribe and save list. I won't buy again.
These are horrible! Don't waste your money. These batteries die faster than any I've ever tried. A few hours in a Wii remote and they have to be replaced. I'm so disappointed!
The original Amazon Basics in the solid silver wrapping were great. These seem to have about a half life of those. Wouldn't recommend for use.
I like shopping with Amazon and have purchased several Amazon brand products. However, I would not recommend anyone buy these batteries. I opened up the box and took a pack of four batteries out of the case and one was leaking. I threw those away. I need batteries for one of my sons toys so opened up another pack and put the batteries in and you guessed it, there was no charge in the batteries at all. About half of the batteries in the box were dead on arrival. The other ones had a charge but did not last long. Save your self the headache and buy energizers or something else. You will pay more but they work. I tried to return this pack but I was out of the 30 day window to return so I'm out the money.
they dont last long at all not worth buying
dont last as long as I expected them to. they are in our fire stick remotes and i have to change them about every 2 or 3 months
DON'T RECHARGE THEM LIKE SERIOUSLY DON'T!!!! they work good and last but not for to long and when two of them died i decided to recharge them and it leaked all over my battery charger. my brother took a few and i had no idea he charged a few without a problem and he didn't get his stuff ruined but i did. So if I were you, don't charge them
Worst battery I have ever came across. Don't use for children's toys leaks battery acid. Had in my daughters mobile and the batteries only lasted 4 days when any other battery lasts a month and when I replaced them this morning I found they leaked battery acid all over.
Bought a, c d 9v batteries in April the AAA seemed fine but went to replace them 4 backs dead. I tried 5th pack and they worked. I will no longer be buying batteries from Amazon you can not count on them. I had d didn't work I hope 9v work. Some of these where for fire alarms not long lasting or don't workUsed c batteries they lasted 12 0f a CD Amazon batteries are horrible
These batteries don't last!!!!
All but about 4 were duds. What a waste of money.
Not very long lasting batteries....
These batteries are HYPED! Duracell always wins. I bought them for electronic circuit for my experiments and I can clearly see how they fail against Duracell AAA batteries. I also wonder about the review someone has put that shows the performance plots. Under standard conditions doesn't matter, batteries need to perform the way consumers use them. To be fair, these batteries are better but don't show them as the best in the world, no way!
Bought these in late Nov. By March 1, most of them were dead in the package.
Does not last as long as name brands such as Duracell and Energizer.
I gave one star because they were batteries and did not explode in my face which is a major plus. However, if you need batteries for anything you use on a daily basis outside a tv remote then do not buy. These batteries do not last as long as duracell or energizer by far, and i wish i was getting paid to say that. Spend the extra dollars and buy a better battery.
Their batteries
Good price but batteries don't last long compared to other brands
These are fair batteries. They are fine for most toys, etc. but they don't seem to last as long as Duracell or Energizer batteries. And I've found some of the packs to be hit or miss. I've had a few packs with several of the batteries already nearly drained straight out of the package.
I was searching for rechargeable batteries and these came up. I did think it was a great price for rechargeable batteries so I bought two packs. Didn't realize they were regular batteries until they arrived. I was a little annoyed. I blame Amazon for showing me these when I was looking for something else.
The advertisement promises a 4 channel boat. It is not - only one channel. Consequently, kids can't play simultaneously with more than one boat (which was the reason I bought several). Simple false advertising. The main reason I bought this model over others was that it was promised with multiple channels.
mu AA Amazon batteries made in Indonesia were without power after 12 months, bought in May 2016
After less than 6mos I started seeing a lot of leakage.
Had to wait for more than a month for delivery. First few uses of product has not been good. In a head set had to replace batteries (3) with very small usage, evenings only, had to already replace batteries. The AAA pro cells we normally order usually last a week or better with daily use. I am not pleased with this product.
First one out of the box I placed in a Swissphone Fire department pager. Battery indicator had 3 levels, and a new battery only shows 2 bars. That's rather disappointing, I should have stuck with Duracell, they show full charge.
I used it in a computer key board. First pair lasted only half of the time of other brand like DURACELL.I will see if the second pair does any better.
The price is very acceptable, however, feed backs on file indicate these may be a trade-off for shorter life usage. One review stated having experienced battery content leakage. In any event evaluations must be based on individual usage over a reasonable length of time, so I'll reserve my decision on re-orders after first order usage
Good price. Shipped fast.
For some reason none of these batteries worked. Not sure what was wrong this time. I've bought them before and had no problems. Luckily amazon took it back without a problem
When you buy bulk batteries normally you open a box and have a bunch of batteries. With amazons frustration free packaging you open a cardboard box and find pain, hardship and loathing. I sprained a wrist trying to get the batteries out of the individual 4 pack space age metal plastic wrapping. It's terrible. It's also the first amazon product I didn't like. The first terribly packaged amazon product I've ever seen.
Never again will I purchase this. The outer cardboard box is frustration-free, but the batteries are tightly shrink-wrapped in groups of four. You need to cut into the wrap to begin to separate the batteries, pull them apart, then cut a little slice into the wrap around each battery. Then figure out how to pull each battery out of its little, plastic strait-jacket.Even if these batteries function well, the hassle of unwrapping them (12 shrink-wrapped sets of four batteries) isn't worth any cost savings.
Did not work.
Shame on Amazon for putting their trusted name on this garbage! Nothing I put these batteries work properly whether AA, AAA, C or D, not the blood pressure cup won't fill with air before going into Error, motion lights that flicker when these are put in, remotes that work on and off - which all goes away with name brand batteries!
When I purchased the Fire Stick, these batteries were included. In less than three weeks they were dead and had to be replaced. The batteries for the Fire Stick are used only in the remote, so it is not as though they got much use! I would never recommend such a garbage product.
Feel like these loose their charge much faster than the brand I used to buy. Will not purchase in the future.
Don't last very long
Great price but not long lasting in comparison to higher priced competitors. I got about 1/5 of the life I would with Duracell.
There batteries do not last as long as Sam's or Costco brand batteries.
Bought a 20 pack to give them a try and found they dont hold up well in the tv remotes.... gone back to duracells
Good price but I can't tell if these last as long as Duracell. AmazonBasics with Amazon Prime are a great deal though, and I'd probably buy them again. I haven't had any problems with corrosion or other concerns.
These batteries work great but they don't last as long as name brand batteries but that's ok. We mostly bought them for my toddler's toys and they work well enough for that!-As a wife and as a mom of 3 kids, I spend a lot of time shopping for deals on the best products out there for my family. It's important to me that if we're spending our hard earned money that we get a top notch product in return. I often rely on the reviews and opinions of others when contemplating purchasing a new product that I haven't tried before myself. Because of that, any products that I buy (whether on Amazon or from a 3rd party) I always make sure to leave a detailed review of the product to help others when selecting items to purchase, as well. My family tests these products fully before forming a solid opinion and writing a review. When I write a review, I keep in mind that those reading are also looking for honesty about the product and want an unbiased opinion to go by. If my review has been helpful to you, please give me a Yes vote on my review. Thank you!
I have not had them long but they seem to be doing the job that is required. I will check back in later to discuss battery life if I remember. I will say, that I could have found batteries a bit cheaper around town and on the internet so I probably will not buy these again for this reason.
Maybe a great value but many in the pack are DOA.
These are good if you're broke and just need to get by. They work, but like other reviewers are saying, they don't last as long as other brands or rechargeable batteries. If you have the money, invest in batteries that last longer and tax the environment less.
Just regular AA batteries at a decent price.
Good value for the money. I use them in kids toys and remote controls where they work fine. For heavy discharge items like flashlights and tools they will not last very long compared to other premium brands. I don't trust them in smoke detectors either.
I had such a good experience with Amazon D batteries that I ordered some of their 2A batteries. The 2A batteries seemed much weaker out of the box. When I changed out a pair in my clock today, they had leaked and were stuck together. Making it difficult to remove them. I looked at the packaging for the new ones and noticed that they were made in Indonesia. After reading the reviews, it seems like it may be a matter of luck whether you get really good batteries for the price or really bad batteries at any price. I like to play blackjack so I will probably order one more time to see how lucky I get.
Goof
Great price. Too soon to tell if it is a great value.
Not tested so I'm not sure of quality
I was excited to expand more into the AmazonBasics brand since all previous purchases have been very well received. However, these batteries were not optimal for devices that are constantly on. We used them in gaming controllers for XBox and each set of 2 would make it about 1 day of constant family gaming/TV usage.It's very possible we received a bad batch but due to going through the entire pack in just 2 weeks compared to other brands I will have to steer clear from these in the future.
Good price. Have used in my TV remote and had to change batteries after2 months. Other brand of batteries have lasted longer. Get what you pay for.
Good price but quality is not really reliable.Some of them run out power real quick and others last super long.After 6 months storage, already have one pack of the batteries generates white powder type of corrosion (indoor, dry cool place, not used yet). Not sure it is quality control issue or stay in their shelf too long before shipping.
Good price. When new, they tested on the low end of good with my voltmeter. I'll add to my post after I've had a chance to test battery life.
Very good price for batteries, and they work flawlessly. Unfortunately, they don't come in their own Container to keep them together after opening. This means you need to have a small ziploc or something to store them in, or you are just going to have a bunch of loose batteries rolling around all over the place.
So, I purchased a pack of these a month ago (11-Dec-2015) and was using them as expected, when I hit a snag. At LEAST 3 batteries from this pack were marginal/undervoltage (1.5V) out of the box. I found this out because I had replaced a pair of batteries in one of my remote sensors for my wall mounted indoor weather station because the had sensor stopped working. I thought maybe I had inserted them wrong, but no, the +/- marks matched the batteries. So I tried several times to reset both the sensor and the station with no luck. At one point, I had all of the batteries out to force a reset and put them back. But now my weather station would not power up either.That was the clue I needed. I got my trusty multimeter (with battery tester) and checked out all 5 of the Amazon Basics AA cells. Like all NEW 1.5V batteries, most of them showed 1.6V which is typical. Two of them were at 1.48V, which was just low enough for them to be considered undervoltage. No new AA battery should arrive with 1.5V. This is the first and only time I have ever seen fresh batteries arrive in a not as new condition with caused problems with my electronics.I generally like all of the various Amazon Basics products (mice, HDMI cables, etc.), but this has caused me to have doubts about not only their AA batteries, but all of the house branded products. Buyer beware (Caveat Emptor) seems to be the bottom line.
I hate running out of batteries so I bought this giant pack. It's a good value and the batteries seem to have plenty of juice for normal, non-hardcore activities (TV remotes, flashlights, that kind of thing). I haven't tried them in any high-power devices like digital cameras or remote control cars not sure if they would be the best choice in that case.Edit: they do not last as long as Duracells or Energizers
Did not last as long as expected but good value for price.
Very short life in these... Bad batch
For the price, you can't really go wrong. But they don'5 last long.The only problem is that the battery life is not long at all. If you are using these in a TV Remote (or similar remotes) they will last 3-4 months.If you use these in a flashlight or power toothbrush (or similar items), they only last about a month.It seems that these don't last long in items that you need to use daily for longer periods of time. But, if you are using these for a TV/STB Remote or a holiday decoration that plays music, they will last much longer (approx 3-4 months).
Great price. Not too amazing in terms of battery life, but I do not think that you could get a better deal.
Great value for kid's toys, but they don't have the longevity of Duracells by any stretch. Definitely worth buying if you need a lot of batteries for cheap to top off all the noisemakers and remotes in your house, but I wouldn't throw them in flashlights or other higher-drain devices.
Great price - but you get what you pay for. In our Xfinity TV remote, these last 25 of the time the Duracell's lasted. Overall, they don't have lasting power like the top brands.
Great price for these alkaline batteries. Being that they are AAA there is not much of a power drain for devices like remote control. I found that the AA amazon basic batteries will not last as long as as you named brand alkaline batteries.
I was a little surprised how large a portion of these batteries measured as dead or low out of the box. I did not notice at first but a few batteries in some would last all of a day on low power items. I am currently sitting on 25 dead or extremely low.
I was very surprised as the batteries I got were in date but didn't work very long compared to a generic AA drug store variety. Probably just got a bad batch but I ended up replacing them very quickly in remotes especially.
By far the worst batteries I have ever bought I regret my purchase of 2 packs! Half of each box came without power and the ones that did were half life! If u found this helpful please rate helpful thanks!
some are not functioning
I got these batteries on Amazon Prime Day and I thought I got a good deal but half of them don't work!!! Very disappointed.
Half the batteries didn't work!
Half the batteries had no charge.
They are packaged by 4s and the plastic is really hard to get off.
I have to change my mouse batteries and keyboard batteries like every two weeks with these..... before it was every few months.... horror story... constantly get ... mouse not connected , keyboard not connected ......sometimes starts within a few days....... going to pay more for the name brands
Don't know if it's my camera or the batteries but they seem to run down pretty quickly
I ordered these mainly to use in a set of small LED flashlights. I tried the batteries in three different flashlights, but they didn't work in any of them. I double checked polarity and they were correctly installed. I tried them in a different device didn't work in that either. Amazon sent me a second set free of charge. They still didn't work in any of the flashlights but did work in a remote control and a toy. (I tried a different brand of batteries in the flashlights and they worked fine.) So it was hit and miss with these AAA batteries--2 sets of them. I've used Amazon AA with no problems.
Unfortunately, some of the batteries seem to be duds. I have replaced dead batteries with these, only to still have a dead remote. Great price, but I now know why...
I'm not sure if these are the same Amazon Basics batteries I purchased last time, the label is different. More importantly these seem to discharge faster or hold less power. I buy the 48 count box usually and its obvious to me already this box will last maybe half the time the last box did.
Not lasting very long. I read the reviews and expected better life out of these batteries. In comparison to Duracell they seem to last about 75 as long. I find that both the AA and AAA are sub-par in longevity. Perhaps that is the way I use them but I really expected more.
These are batteries what else can one say did anyone get silver batteries instead of white Hopefully they will be better than the previous version.
absolute garbage, noteven a 1/4 of the battery of a regular energizer, dies so quick, tested, compared for months, sorry Not worth the money atany price, except maybe free.
Very unhappy with these batteries. Used them for my flame-less candles, 3 batteries in each. I use a remote to turn the candles on, so they were only on a few hours at a time AND only a few nights a week. Died in less than 3 WEEKS!
I suppose the most honest thing about them is in their name...BASIC!! I use them in my blood pressure monitor. I take my BP twice a day and it only takes about 10 seconds. The batteries only last about 6 weeks. I've also used them in my air conditioner remote which I might use once or twice a day, just to turn it on or off. Again, after about 5 - 6 weeks, they stop working. They are also used in my Alexa/Echo remote which is used more often, yet, they last about 3 months in it. This is the first Amazon labeled/made product that I have bought that was not rated a 5. Don't buy these if you are looking for a long lasting battery.
Horrible, do not buy.I bought these in AA and AAA and they all lasted just a few days. My battery tester shows them on the lower side of good when unused but doesn't take long before they stop working.
Horrible! Did not last 1 hour, in my devices. DO NOT BUY!!
Batteries were horrible. As soon as I would put a pair in my Amazon Fire stick remote, I'd get a message that batteries were low. After a day or 2 I couldn't even wake the Fire stick up because the batteries were dead. Went through the hole pack in 2 weeks.
Went on sale 4 days later for 14.40 for 100 batteries. I paid 12.49 for 48 batteries. Hosed again.
I always put new batteries in my three thermostats at the beginning of the heating season in late Sept to make sure they work through the winter. Never had a problem with Energizer or Duracell going the whole year. These batteries from Amazon all had to be replaced in February, won't be using them again.
I am disappointed with the quality of these batteries. I used them to light some low voltage decoration lights on the ceiling of my bus. They only lasted 1 day. Replaced with Energizer batteries and I am in my 2 week and they are still going strong.
I purchased these to try because I needed so many for my Christmas village. Withing 24 hours some of the batteries died so I turned off all of them so I could at least have them on for Christmas. I am very disappointed in them, had to go out and purchase more of the copper top ones which last weeks and weeks to keep my village lit for the holidays. I will not purchase these again.
I am very disappointed in these batteries. They do not work, or if they do work it is only for a few minutes. They are a waste of money.
Not a long life at all. I bought AA batteries in the same order and they work fine.
I bought the 20 pack in September 2015. Half of the batteries in the package do not work. Do not purchase.
I bought these batteries for my Fitbit scale and installed them as soon as they arrived. Typically I have to change the batteries every 6-8 months but I have already had to replace these. I won't be buying them again.
Out of every package so far only 2 batteries are working. I bought these in April so they should still all be good and I'm finding I need to throw most of them away. I wish I could still return them.
I bought these to use in the wireless mouse I bought at same time. I seem to have to change the batteries to often.
I DO NOT recommend purchasing these batteries they barely last 24 hrs in what lasts 2 weeks with Costco or Duracell or Energizer brands.
These have a very short life. I do not recommend this brand
I don't know who made these batteries but they are worthless. They do not hold a charge.I WILL NOT BUY AGAIN.
I use a headlamp at work all day and everyday. I decided to try these instead of the duracells that I normally use and they definently don't last nearly as long. I don't understand all the good reviews about these. I won't purchase again.
I had hoped that Amazon batteries would be as good as their other services. Unfortunately, either we got a bad batch or these batteries are not as good as other brands. These were ordered in April and it is now August and I have had to use three sets of batteries in my mouse. Normally a set of batteries lasts three or four months. I would not recommend. Others reviews are more positive, but I personally cannot recommend this brand.
I had to buy a brand new bed after purchasing this item. It kept ripping up and the bugs kept coming from the tears in the case. I do not recommend this for no one.
These battery only last a few months in my dish network remote controls (have 10 of them). Duracells last over a yearI will no longer purchase Amazon batteries. Disappointed
I have bought these twice-my first purchase, I received the batteries in the silver packaging, had no issues, long battery life, etc. The second order I received the batteries in the gray packaging as pictured. I bought the second back in April, and last week I discovered that every unused battery that I hadn't used up and thrown out was leaking. I threw out 5 batteries one day, and found 3 more that were in use in remotes that needed to be thrown out as well because they had leaked, and had to throw out a remote as well since it had corroded inside.I'm not going to be buying again. I could forgive one leaking battery, but almost half the package I'll either buy another brand for a bit more money and quality, or go to a local dollar store for the same quality and less money
I have never been so disappointed with a product. The battery life is horrible. When used in my camera, I can get maybe five standard-non zoom pictures before the camera shuts down and states the batteries need replaced. When used in tv remotes, the battery life is maybe a week. It is the same with the Amazon AAA batteries too. I will not be repurchasing again.
I have never had problems with the Amazon brand batteries before until this time around. I use these for battery operated candles and normally 3 AAA batteries will last in my candle a couple of weeks on a timer. I replaced the batteries 2 days ago with these batteries in 3 separate candles and all three candles do not work less than 24 hours later. Not sure if this batch was defective or not, but I won't risk spending the money and buying them again to not have them work.
I have to admit I was not too happy with these and probably won't buy them again. The 'life' on them is extremely short and definitely leave a lot to be desired.
I haven't really kept track meticulously but these batteries don't seem to last as long as Kirkland brand or Duracell.
Sorry Amazon, I love you, but these batteries are terrible. They don't last long at all. Reordered before I realized that they peter out in short order. They have failed in every application requiring batteries. Unfortunately, their made in Indonesia. Wasn't putting them in the China slot immediately but have no choice to do so. Applications referred to are, tooth brush, remote controls, motion lights, etc. Purchased, AAA AA with no difference in performance. I enjoyed the idea of being stocked up on quantity, but the quantity doesn't replace quality. Won't be ordering these batteries again. But will be shopping for a superior product.J.MAC
I had high hopes for these and very surprised at alt he high rating. I must have received a bad batch. This is a large qty and 6-8 months after purchase, using these batteries and they are no good. I figured they just wore out since i did not use them. Very disappointed and a good 20+ are trash. Real bummer.
I need to cancel this auto shipment
I needed batteries for my kittens toys. The first three I used lasted only 5 hours!! I am so unhappy, I spent 8 which is a lot of money for me.
They do not last at all! I never leave negative reviews as I am generally satisfied. But logged back in just to do it! They are awful!!!
I normally buy the Maxwell brand but thought I'd give these a try. I used them in my led battery operated lights, they were dead in half the time of the Maxwells.
I originally wanted to buy Duracell brand batteries but I bought these instead (Aug. 2016) as they were cheaper. I just today had to remove a set of these from a remote thermometer and they had leaked even though the date printed on the batteries was Jan. 2025. My savings on these cheaper batteries was far less than the cost of my now damaged thermometer.
I purchased the AA batteries for my Nest smoke detectors. The batteries that came with the Nest lasted for a couple of years, so I expected similar performance from the Amazon AA's. In less than 2 months after my purchase, the Nest indicated that they had to be replaced again. This product is not to Amazon's expected standards. I will give it a miss.
I purchased these batteries for my boyfriend . The split open and ruined who uses them in a 200.00 portable modem. I would of sent them back, but this happened after the 30 day return window.
I purchased these for my daughter for camp and open a pack today and they did not work. Fresh out of the plastic wrap and everything:(.
I purchased these for the office as everyone has an Apple mouse that uses AA batteries. I found myself changing batteries on my mouse almost every month with these batteries. Yes they work, but not for long. We purchased these in September and we blew through these in 2.5 months with 16 employees. With Duracell batteries, which I purchased again, they last much longer, several months instead of just one month.
I put several of these in my mouse battery and had to replace them after only a few days. Will not be buying more.
Don't seem to last long. I think dollar general batteries are just as good.
This is the first Amazon product I've purchased. I thought that batteries would be a good first try since there really can't be much difference between alkaline batteries.I am a working musician teacher. I sing with a band and use a Shure Wireless Beta 58 mic. A normal set of alkaline batteries last about 7-8 hours in my mic. The first gig I used these with was about 3 1/2 hours with the mic on and by the end of the gig the light on the mic showing battery was showing that the battery was about to die. I was just lucky that it lasted long enough for the entire gig. Usually I can get two full gigs out of an alkaline battery. Just as a comparison, I usually buy the cheapest boxes of batteries at Lowe's. Those batteries are only slightly more expensive than the Amazon Basics and last twice as long in my mic.I can't say how these batteries work in other things, but I can say that for what I use them for they are a big waste of money. I would rather use batteries that cost 15-20 more and last twice as long.
WHAT A HORRENDOUS PRODUCT. I THOUGHT THAT BEING FROM AMAZON IT WOULD BE GOOD. WRONG!!!! IT'S STILL CHINESE FIRST.LASTS NOTHING (2 WEEKS IN MY COMPUTER MOUSE). DISASTROUS DISAPPOINTMENT. FIRST TIME I AM LET DOWN BY AMAZON. PITY! I GUESS I SHOULD HAVE BEEN MORE CAREFUL AND LESS GULLIBLE.
I used them for christmas decoration and by the end of christmas the batteries leaked . will not get them again
I used these batteries with my LED lights. It works but it doesn't last long. I used Duracell batteries the same price last much longer.
I was hoping these batteries would last more than 4 hours, and since they didn't I don't think the price should be as listed
I would have gotten the same quality had I got batteries from the dollar store. I was very disappointed.
I will never purchase this item again. It is in my opinion overpriced junk.
DID NOT LAST LONG
These batteries do not last nearly as long as the bunny or copper brands. I will use them up and never waste my time or money on these again. I have been using them in an LED flashlight.
I see that these batteries have lots of positive reviews. My experience has been poor. I put a pair in the sensor for an outdoor thermometer. They lasted about 2 weeks and when tested, showed very low power. Replaced them with a second pair. They lasted and tested about the same. These may work better in indoor uses, but they seem to not like the cold. I've had way better success with rechargeable.
I primarily use these for my noise cancelling headphones and wireless mouse. Overall, for the price, this is an okay product. I do not get the longevity I received when buying other brands, but for the price and quantity it seems to all equal out. I would not recommend using them for vital devices nor rely on them in emergencies.
Wish I had opened the package all the way as soon as I received it because several of the batteries had leaked and caused corrosion on several more. Learned one this time.
They're not a bad value (because they're cheap), but they drain much faster than you would like. I hate throwing dead batteries away anyway (no recycling options here) and 4 of these drained in a day, running a tiny string of LED Christmas lights.
Batteries are decent. I wouldn't consider them better than Duracell or Energizer but the price is right.
I miss the bunny with the drum.
I probably wouldn't buy these again. Each set of 4 batteries is individually shrink wrapped and very difficult to get apart. I'm sure batteries are fine if you don't mind the packaging.
I've had good luck with Amazon basics peripheral devices for computers, but the 24 pack of AAA batteries I got had virtually no power out of the package. Perhaps it's a quality control issue, but I got burned on the ones I bought, and won't take another chance with them.
These are OK. Used to Rayovacs to save but, these cost the same and seem to last about 3/4 as much as the other brand. Mostly used for Xbox controllers and Mac mice/keyboard.
Dont last long. I thought because they had the AMAZOn name they would be good, but they are no better than other generic batteries.
Work fine but I have had a couple start leaking in less than a month. Worried this may happen while in electronics.
It stopped working. Never buy this. It's not certified by Apple. Not sure why Amazon is selling such products on prime
IT'S A BATTERY
I mean, it's a crap ton of batteries for a decent price. They just die quickly.
Its a battery nothing much to say. I usually buy at costco but the convenience of the free delivery was the decision breaker this time.
Lights worked well but the ahesive didnt stick on about 90 of the lights backing. The 10 that did. I tried to adjust the lights and they ripped.
These batteries work but don't really last that long. You maybe get 3-4 weeks out of them. Its better off buying rayovac or energizer batteries from home depot
These batteries are junk . i use 4 of them in my front door lock. i have gone through 12 batteries in less than a month .
Batteries used in fire remote, lasted maybe a week and then died
batteries suck! brand new out of box dead or close too. Change smoke alarms every month and remote batteries every 2 weeks.junk dead, 3 different boxes and sizes of amazon
Absolute junk! My devices run only 3 - 5 days with these batteries and probably half have been dead when I put them in my devices. Save your money buy Duracell batteries from Groupon they will stand behind less than quality batteries but Amazon will not once you buy Amazon batteries as has become the case with most of Amazon you are on your on without a paddle.Amazon did send me replacement batteries however they are the same as the original ones. I don't know how anyone can give a positive review just terrible.
These batteries are just adequate not super strong as advertised.
I haven't done any scientific research on how long these last compared to other batteries, I can only give you my layman's experience. I use the exact same amount of battery usage every day and have tried pretty much every brand of battery (I don't hear that well so I wear headphones for my television and I wear them the same number of hours per day).The AmazonBasics batteries don't last nearly as long as any other battery. My headphones start getting fuzzy about twelve hours earlier than they normally would with any other the batteries I've ever used. I went through this package a week earlier than I would a 24-pack of either Duracell or Energizer. In some usages this might not matter but for me, it just wasn't worth it to buy these.
Great for small gadgets and remotes. Don't expect to run anythinh more. Could handle a set of battery power hair clippers.
I bought these but will not reorder. They work but seem to go flat rather quickly.
do not seem to last as long as other batteries
Loved the price but I found myself replacing them more quickly in items like the wall clocks and the remote controls. I like having a box of replacement batteries on hand in the house so these are fine for emergencies but I might want to invest in a brand that lasts a bit longer for things like smoke detectors or flashlights.
The life of these batteries is shorter than name brand.
Cheap AAA batteries. Really shouldnt expect much, just wish they would last as long as comparably priced batteries. I use them for the light i wear on my head at work. Typical AAAs last 6-8 hours constant use, these last about 3-4.
These don't last like good batteries. But are a great price. If you have kids that leave toys on and run out batteries then these are good. I don't use them in the remote or anything I want to rely on for long term use.
I used these to replace the batteries in my digital safe. A week or two later I needed to access something from the safe, but it wouldn't open. I was sure I was entering the right code, but the safe just beeped and didn't unlock. I didn't suspect the batteries right away because they were still almost new. But eventually I plugged in a different brand and that's all it took the get the safe to work properly again. It was a big relief, and interesting to find out that AA batteries aren't all created equal.
I purchased a box of these. First replacement for my outdoor weather info transmitter didn't work so well. Within a couple of days the receiver wasn't receiving a signal from the transmitter, so I changed out the batteries once again. Within 96hrs the receiver once again showed low battery power coming from the transmitter and wouldn't display a temperature reading. This week I'll replace those again (3rd time in 6wks) and expect a low-battery warning just days after. Unsure if I should demand an exchange or full reimbursement. Maybe they do well in warm temps, but in the cold temps they cannot perform like a Duracell or Energizer.
Last less than a quarter as long as even off-brand batteries such as Rayovac, creating a lot more waste. With name brand batteries my wireless keyboard would last almost a year these amazon branded batteries last only 2-3 months. If they weren't considered hazardous waste when spent I might have given them 2 stars on account of there low price, but when you consider how hard it is to dispose of batteries properly (and how much time you'll spend changing them out of your favorite devices) they're really not worth your time
Lasted ten minutes in my flashlight. Changed out the batteries again, the next two lasted 12 minutes. Don't buy. Junk!
WHAT THE HECK! I have a SERIOUS issue with these batteries! I put them into my Amazon FireTV remote which kept draining batteries, and within a few minutes it quit working and gave up, thinking I had a bad remote. A few days later when I opened the case the batteries were had leaked all over the compartment.Just NOW, while typing on my keyboard, several of the batteries were sitting there next to my keyboard. I heard a hiss and felt a jet of air hit my right hand and I started coughing and choking on whatever the heck it was that came out of the battery.I'm throwing these away and will never trust this brand again.
Do not buy each have leaked within one recharge. Battery corrosion at base ruined my battery recharger as well. Warranty for 30 days. You can't use them all and recharge within 30 days
Two batteries of he the twenty were leaking in the Package on delivery. With a ten year warranty against leakage...that is not a good start
Half the box did not work and one set of 4 started leaking white battery acid within 5 minutes of putting it my sons toy. Asking Amazon for a full refund.
Every single battery leaked battery acid after the first few charges or uses. Some while in the device it was powering and others while in the charging station. I thought perhaps it could be the charging station I was using so I purchased another brand but it didn't make a difference. I also never left the batteries in the charger once they were fully charged. This happened with the AAA batteries I purchased as well. And when I say leaked battery acid I'm talking about literal puddles of acid that would pool under the charging station or begin leaking from the device. I had to throw away a few children's toys as well as an xbox 1 controller. The skin on the tips of my fingers peeled away a few times as well from overexposure to the battery acid after having to clean so many surfaces and devices from it getting everywhere. Please don't buy this product They are completely ineffective and its simply an unsafe product. All in all purchasing these batteries cost me around 100+ in having to buy replacements for the devices they ruined.
I've kept a stock of these batteries for about a year (in a drawer in my living room) and used them in my air freshener with no problems. However, when I used them with my Pawbo toy (it's a remote cat toy), not only do they not last very long, but I just went to replace the batteries and saw that were leaking after only a day!
Maybe we have a bad batch because all the other Amazon Basics batteries we have are great.. So far numerous AA batteries are leaking in remotes, toys, and other electronics.
After 2nd recharge and use all but 3 are leaking corrosive fluid which has ruined my charger.
I bought this product from amazon about a month ago, the reviews seemed great so I gave them a try.After using the batteries in my Xbox One controllers for about 2 weeks, the controller began to malfunction.Upon further inspection, I checked the batteries, and the compartment was a little bit wet, so I cleaned it up and went to get new batteries (still in the plastic wrapper) and all of the batteries had an oily residue around them (some type of leakage) .Overall, dont save money here as you might lose your equipment and the money you spend on the batteries.
A day or two after these batteries arrived, I installed several of them in toys and our small keyboard (which also has A/C power). The next morning, my son called me into the living room, Mom! There's chocolate sauce all over the 'piano' and the table. It wasn't chocolate sauce. It was battery acid. As he said, good thing I didn't taste it!For what it's worth, the keyboard was plugged in, and it had not been turned on or played since the batteries were installed. The five new batteries were in place for about 18 hours before the leak was discovered.The green seal fell off of two of the five batteries as I removed them from the compartment. The acid left a 2 stain on my table.The other batteries that I installed that day still seem to be okay, although I've developed a paranoia about checking them! I have used Amazon batteries in the past with no problems, which is why I'm giving 2 stars, instead of 1. The attached photo shows the rings that fell off. (I wish I'd taken a photo of the puddle they left on the keyboard and table, but I was too focused on clean-up to stop and take a picture.)You'll also note that these batteries are darker in color than the product image that is currently shown. They came this way, and I'll use that difference to keep an eye on their performance/durability.
These batteries are the worst of any I've ever bought. They have corroded inside of toys, remotes, noise cancelling range headphones and an expensive gun scope that I own. I've tried AA and AAA, and even gave them multiple chances. The batteries in some electronic devices die within 24hrs. So needless to say, I have switched back to standard Duracell batteries. If you care about life and not having to mess with corrosion, do not buy these batteries!!!
Never had alkalines that die as fast. This has been consistent through the package, not just a couple of batteries. Same results when used in TV remotes, optical mouse, smoke detectors and small flashlights.
The batteries linked and ruined my Game Camera. I think you need to replace my game Camera
I purchased a box of 48 AA batteries and the first 2 that I tried to use were dead the other 2 in the blister 4 pack worked fine, but a 50 failure rate is unacceptable. I will update how the rest of the box works as I try to use them. I will purchase a name brand next time.
Might be okay. But, they seem cheap. They have warm light (orangeish in color). They have the feeling that they might only last a year or too, and not multiple Christmas seasons. We are doing a timer test and have one that does not want to follow the standard timer. Also, the window suction cup things are to small for these candles. They will ultimately work, but are going to be stretched to do so. Picture is of the loan gunmen candle (screw the built of n timer!!!).
Good knob. Looks good. Logo faded/wore off in a few months though... logo is kinda why I bought this, so..........
These batteries last a long time and does not leak even after it runs out of juice. I use these to power my remotes and nightlights and have not experienced any problem whatsoever with it.
They work but they don't last they drain really quickly only had them about 2 weeks and they are almost all dead. Very frustrating will not be buying these again save your money and buy Duracell.
Love Amazon, but these batteries lasted 3 weeks in my Roku controller, Family Dollar store brand lasted longer. I do have A LOT of them though. Well played planned obsolescence :l
love them work great but while charging they leaked all over the charger and had to just throw 8 of them away
Love these BUT 2 of the 4 packages were NIT warm lights. They are really super bright cold white. Can't use them.
I purchased these on 3/24/16 and last week I used a pair on a wireless keyboard. Within 1 hour my keyboard was blinking the low battery sign. I replaced the batteries with two new ones and the light blinked again within half an hour.My keyboard isn't the problem because I ended up using Eneloop AAA batteries and it worked fine the rest of the day.
This was the 2nd time that I have ordered Amazon batteries only to find they all had about a half charge.
While these batteries work, they don't last as long as expected. They lasted about 1/2 the time as a standard store bought battery (Energizer/Duracell/Rayovac). I will not buy these again. In contrast, the Amazon Basics AA Rechargeable is Awesome.
Used it for a mouse - works OK. I have a battery powered egg beater and when I put these batteries, the beater did not perform at full speed. I had some Duracell batteries which I used and it was back to life!!So, I guess these are low powered, Very disappointed
Do not last as long as Copper Top!
Picture for proof. I had these in an Amazon basics wireless mouse and one of them exploded. It was only in there about 3 months before I noticed the batteries were dead. Upon inspection it was clear one of the batteries had a structural failure and exploded the end apart leaking fluid inside mouse.This mouse has NEVER been out of my air conditioned office.I have never had a battery explode inside a mouse before. These are obviously low quality. Do not put them into anything you'd be upset to ruin with leaky battery fluid.
more than half of these batteries didn't even last but three months while in storage. what a disappointment!
I love Amazon and Amazon products but....MAJOR disappointment. While not much less cost that Duracell or Energizer the Amazon brand batteries were a ripoff! Only lasted a third of the time in the devices I have used the competitor's batteries in before.....bummer :(
Many batteries do not have full capacity. I read each with a meter before using. Often find one at .8 volt or below. I won't buy again.
I'm not sure if it's coincidence it not but two electronics we've put these batteries in have crapped out within a day of replacing the batteries. When I pulled them out of the remote that completely spazzed out, there was moisture on the batteries. I thought that may have been my fault but then it happened again with a Christmas decoration. I'll probably return them...maybe a faulty batch
May have been a fluke, but these lasted not even 10 minutes in two very different devices - a kid's toy and wireless mouse. Will just pay extra next time for brand name batteries.
Jury still out. Only recently used a couple.
I'm not sure these are lasting as long as more well-known brands. Maybe I just got a bad batch. Not sure.
Not worth buying, these are just a slight grade above cheap Chinese batteries. Your going to replace them x2 or x3 times as often as top of the line batteries. So take the price of top of the line batteries and divide it by 2 and then compare the price with these. Not bad for the price but not worth the hassle.
Bummed. These batteries do not last long! Good for things like a clicker or something that isn't used often but we used these for Xbox one controller. With maybe 2 hours usage a day I've had to switch them out once a week.
Great price but they don't hold their charge for long. I find myself swapping out the remote batteries twice a year. At this price, it's not so bad but it's much more frequently that I'm used to.
These batteries work for normal things. But when i tried to use them for a dog collar that is supposed to help with barking, they were too weak and had to be changed after three uses. Annoying.
These die out super quickly. In saying that, I'm not sure if the items they were in sucked the life out of the faster but they still died. Used nearly a whole pack for little LED closet lights in a couple of months - only on for a few minutes at s time.
These just don't last as long as the name brand product. Found that we replace these twice as often as a Duracell equivalent. Won't be buying them again.
They don't last super long
They are ok - I haven't had any arrive DOA, but they really don't seem to work for very long. In an Xbox One controller, they last about half the time that a set of duracells would. I don't think they're terrible, but I doubt I'll buy them again. You can frequently catch Duracells on Newegg at about 30 per 100. Yes, it's a bit more than the amazon basics per battery, but you'll get a lot more usage out of each pair.
They don't last as long as other batteries. The Rayovacs that I get from Lowes are way better.
A competing brand used to run my wireless trackball for two months, these last less than a week!
Only 32 batteries in the package when advertised as 36.
Some were nearly dead out of the box
If I could give this 0 stars, I would. They all have problems working and the batteries have to be replaced after one use. Waste of time for what you get.
More than 1/2 have been dead out of the box. Most other Amazon Basic products I have gotten have been great. Batteries have been beyond sub par so far.
These batteries seem to have enough power. My sons remote monster truck barely moves with new batteries installed from her byut work perfectly fine with new Duracells. However, for basic other stuff they do the job.
I need batteries that register 1.5V out of the box my camera flash remotes depend on it! NONE of the batteries I tested were more than 1.3V fresh out of the box. Unacceptable! Spend a few more bucks and get some decent name brand batteries. These are pathetic. Anyone need a 20-pack of 1.3V batteries
Shortest battery life ever... definitely don't try to save a few bucks here ...
SAVE YOUR MONEY. Buy the name brand. I have a bathroom light that uses 3 AAA batteries. I typically get 6 months out of it with regular batteries I get roughly a week out of it with these. Sure, they are cheaper but you will buy them 4x as often. Worst Amazon purchase thus far.
Terrible! Didn't last 2 weeks!
ABSOLUTELY THE WORST BATTERIES IVE EVER USED AMAZON SHOULD BE ASHAMED TO SELL THEM
Just received them and trying them out. So far so good.
Batteries do not last! Don't waste your money on these. I've been using them in a weight scale where 4 batteries would last 4-6 months. With these batteries, I only get 10 days of usage. No battery life.
Dead on arrival...please stay away.
In a box of 12 batteries, 4 worked for 2 months, 8 did not work at all, Total waste of money
It only took my little demons 3 days to figure out how to jimmie this thing open. It was really great while it lasted though.
Amazon seems to have changed the manufacturer of this battery. I liked it very much the last year, but the new one has a different look, has noticeably lower capacity, and leaks. Batteries usually leak after they die, but these leaked while they were still good... and apparently died because of the leak. All of my devices have battery monitored One day they were good with 50-90 power left, and they died suddenly the next day. The leaks were mostly minor but clearly noticeable from body discoloration.One thing that has not changed from before is the packaging, and it is still bad. They are shrink-wrapped 4 in a package and they are hard to open as there is no cut-out or pull-tab to break the wrap. It is difficult to break open by hand. Twisting the package causes undue stress to the batteries and that may be cause of the leak. I have had to use scissors or knife to cut open the package.
Batteries popped open inside the motion detector lights making a mess and ruining the detector. I will never buy this brand again.
Do not buy. Inconsistent quality, performance, some leak and ruin things.
Batteries seem to work in some flashlights and not others. They are just okay. Other batteries that we have will work on all. Not impressed.
we will never buy any more!!!! they suck!!!!!
Batteries died after a week. Same appliance used Duracell batteries for half a year.
Good price.... but (update 12/21/2016)Update - horrible batteries. Have gone through 8 out of 48 batteries and none have worked. Contacted Amazon, they state they will refund my money and apologized. Great customer service,but horrible product.Be aware of the refund/return policy with Amazon. Batteries are something I don't test when i get them, I assume they will work when I need them. Have never had a problem before now. When to put 2 AA's in an LED flashlight..... nothing. Tried 2 more.... nothing. Tried 2 more....nothing 2 more (guess what)... nothing again. Tried it my TV remote too. Same results. Not something I would trust to stock up with for a power outage.While the product gets 1 star (that's too generous) I do give Amazon and their Customer Service 5 Stars.
I am giving these batteries a 1 star because I couldn't go any lower. I tried 10 batteries in a row and they lasted bout 35 seconds then my light went out. The shelf life must have been ending. I guess the old addage You Get What You Paid For holds true.
I like amazon products. But these haven't worked in any thing I've put them in. Nerf gun, toys.. nothing. Maybe they work in remotes.....
received the wrapping paper thank you.but no batteries ever came,nor were they in the package with my wrapping paper
Im sure these are fine batteries, but they never arrived, and theres no way for me to request a replacement.
these apparently have been sitting around for some time, I used 2 in a TV remote and they were almost dead within just a few days. I exchanged the two for two more from the same pack, and again about 3-4 days later they were dead. hereafter I'll buy a name brand.
They were duds. I bought them before christmas so I could stick them in the toys and not one worked. I tried them on other items to make sure it wasn't the toys and not the batteries . Nope , it was all of the batteries. I only give one star for the reason I got them on time ....now I have a box of triple a batteries that don't work . so glad I caught that before christmas or I would have had disappointed children on christmas.
Basic performance didnt last a week in an AM radio.
3/4 of the package have been duds. Lasted about 15 minutes. Now I get to go to the trouble to return them. When you shop with Amazon, it's to save time. This defeats that purpose.
Do not last as long as other cut price batteries. In my Canon digital camera I cannot get off more than 3 shots before the 'low-battery' warning comes on. I am going back to Maxell, which did much better for me.I would hate to see what the capacity of the AmazonBasics EveryDay batteries are!!!
poor performer, does not last long at all.
I bought these because of all the ratings on Amazon but they don't last at all!! I am so disappointed. I used the in every device and every solar light and withing 2 months I have to replace them all. Now, with the the snow and cold, my yard is dark because I can't get out there. I will never buy these again.
These are OK but they don't hold up or last very long. We bought these during Christmas hoping they would be great esp since alkaline but they barely hold up to the wear and tear of everyday use in a TV remote, let alone a kids toy.
There ok, not as good as I would of liked for what I need them for. I would purchase again.Fast , good delivery.
I bought 20 and I used 9 in three Motorola Walkabouts radios.One the second use, after only two hours use on first, a battery failed. I was shocked at this. It made my Walkabout useless for the child-safety reason I bought it.Noqw I cannot trust the rest and I will use then in unimportant places like toys.
Run out of juice faster than Duracell or Energizers.
These are a good price. I don't feel they last very long. Perhaps they would be great in a remote or something that draws very little. I have them in my outdoor battery operated Christmas lights and I have had to replace them already (only 2 weeks of use). The name brand ones last all season.
Doesn't last as advertised. Dead in no time!
These batteries drain quickly. While you get a lot of them, the quality just isn't there. If you need reliable batteries, look elsewhere.
These are cheap and they Explode!!!!!! I was pumping at 2am and it exploxed in my pump. It leaked all over my pump and baby blankets!!!!! Ive never had this happen with name brand!!!!! Now I have to find time with a newborn to packed up all the batteries from all our baby items and return!! Not Cool!!
They don't last as long as a Duracell but they are cheaper.
Despite what seems to be a great deal for a 48pack of AA batteries these aren't great. 2 stars only because of the deal as they're for light use. I use them only for my xbox controllers, I understand that the life is different with gaming (sucking up all the energy), but I've put a pair in before and about 2 weeks later had to change them. Not to mention, I have 2 controllers (one has a grip), so I switch between them often. This means they should last longer since I'm not just draining the battery life on one of them. Overall, not great for gaming or heavy use, otherwise they're nice backups. I'll have to compare these to say Duracell, but from past experience I don't remember having to change them so often.
i have bought the AA 48 packs twice now and they are terrible... They don't even last a month...
I ordered these batteries 2 months ago. I don't really have a lot of things that require AAA batteries. My tv remote finally died and I put in these batteries. And my remote tells me that these brand new batteries are low.
Ordered the Triple AAA battery pack and I'm not sure if I got a bad batch or what but pretty much not a single battery works. What a waste of money so they definitely deserve one star.
They do not last long. I literally added these to a flashlight that's typically never used. I used these batteries in that particular flashlight about 3 times for a total of maybe 3-4 minutes. I switched it on today, and the batteries are already almost depleted. I wouldn't purchase them again.
Been going through a pair a week in my Xbox One controller. I play about 4 hrs a day average so the performance is underwhelming.
I used these in a mini led flashlight, which I use to walk my dog every night. I use the flashlight about 20-30 minutes every night and the batteries only last maybe 3 weeks.
They do not last as long and I had hoped. Meaning they run down really fast. Would not buy again.
I'm a huge Amazon fan and I know the appeal here for most and me as well is the price but at the end of the day, you get what you pay for and these do not last anything near the better more expensive batteries out that. If it's easy to change batteries then this is the way to go but if you have something it's difficult or a pain or you just don't want to the hassle I would suggest spending more and getting the upper brands, and by that I mean the more expensive, most expensive of the batteries out there, they really do last longer. It's a shame because you know they have the ability to make batteries last longer, all companies, and yet they don't just so we'll come back and buy more
Great price but didn't last long at all.
Ok for general use, but does not last long.
These are not comparable to Duracell. I have been running around changing batteries everywhere, remotes, clocks, battery-powered soap dispensers. All the dying batteries are the lame Amazon basics. Bought duracells at Costco. They probably last twice as long. I bought these to get free shipping on orders over 35. Don't do the same. It's not worth it. Very disappointing.
I have a simple electronic keypad I use these batteries in. With the name brand I would go about 2 months. With the amazon brand i go 2 weeks. Not sure I am sold on this being an equivalent battery just yet.
My 8 pack batteries were NOT charged so if you are buying these for a trip or something be warned.
Gave these a fair chance but the fact is they simply do not last as long as Duracells. I've gone through more than half of the pack I purchased and I am easily replacing batteries twice as fast for the same devices, same use. I won't repurchase.
Some work, some don't. Some will power my TV remote but the same batteries wouldn't power a different type of remote. I won't buy these again.
These are odd. Several times so far I have put them into some device and the circuit does not work so it seems dead. Tested the batteries with a tester and they read 1.6 volts, so they are fully charged. Put in energizers, duracells, that show 1.58 volts and the device works perfectly. Tried one of each brand and got mixed results. Good price but Ray o Vacs are about the same and no problem. I don't know what is wrong but for now, I don't like them.
A great price, to be sure...but EVERY flameless candle I have put these into has been very dim. When I replaced with Duracell (and local grocery store brand as well) the candles are noticeably brighter. Don't think I'll be buying AmazonBasics batteries again soon -- which is a bummer. I have always been impressed with Amazon-brand products but these batteries are all that.
not so wonderful - I don't think these batteries last any longer than the ones I buy at the dollar stores.
Totally not convinced these are as good as name brands because I have had to replace several batteries way too soon.
Not suitable for toys. Drained within just a couple of days.
Not sure about these yet. The question is whether the battery last long enough for the price that i paid for them. Will update later when i find out.
Not sure I will be buying these again. The first four pack I opened was dead. The second pack worked but only lasted half the time a name brand battery lasts. I am using more batteries for the same amount of use in my headset. I won't be buying these again.
Not a bad price but after few times I realize these battery run out very fast. Amazon need to do better with that.
Some loss power fast, in a TV remote.
Marginal performance at best. Used one in my Turbo razor, and it died much earlier than other brands. It also dies quickly, with a steep power drop-off.
I'm not too thrilled with the life of these batteries. They don't seem to last as long as energizer does. And in some things, they aren't even strong enough to get rid of the 'dead battery' reading.
I've used 10 so far, 4 in a wire less mouse and had a short life , comparing them with Maxwell batteries I used before.
Not happy with quality. Do not last very long in various devices.My guess is that milliamp hour ratings are very poor/low.I have used many of these batteries in a short time span compared to Duracells.
I have bought these several times thinking they were great but after longer term use have found they fail about twice as fast as Duracell. I will never buy them again and will not hold Amazon Basic in such A high standard. my next batteries will be Duracell
What's happened to batteries Duracell use to be the gold standard, until we had over 10 of them fail by leaking and destroying expensive medical equipment year after year. Costco batteries became our go-to batteries until last year 2015 when they started leaking, even on the shelf. Tried Eveready but price and quality varies as well. I trusted Amazon and love the price, packaging, convenience and no leaks. But they don't last half the time the others have. Some of the top reviews have stated the electrical case very, very well. And yes, we have some high current draw uses. But as my staff and Doctors have said to me: They're just batteries! Get us some decent batteries already! We go through dozens a week so price is going to matter but, paying top dollar still doesn't seem to save equipment or increase the usage time. It seems every manufacture is changing their product for cost and marketing so that you have to be an expert to properly match basic AA batteries to your specific use. Not cool!!
I thought that this was a great deal, but the batteries don't seem to last very long. I feel like I am constantly having to change the batteries in my remote. I would equate these to being a little bit better than dollar store batteries, but they are not of the highest quality.
I used these in my Xbox controller. Hardly ever lasted more than 2-3 weeks if I play regularly on weekends and a couple weekdays.
Don't seem to last as long as Duracell.
Worst batteries I have ever purchased. I use in the mouse to my laptop. Doesn't hold a charge for more than three days with limited usage (maybe 4 hours/day). Not worth the price.
On second use, silver liquid leaked out of batteries, almost ruining the motor of a breast pump.
These batteries are only OK. They don't last as long as Duracell and when they die, it's usually instantly. One moment they seem to work fine, the very next moment they are outputting half power. I would say that about half of these batteries just simply died while being used, no warning, no gradual loss of power, simply dead. They also seem to be marginally shorter than brand-name batteries, but to be honest, I haven't measured them. Suffice it to say I've decided that I would rather spend the few extra cents per battery on brand-name batteries. It's simply not worth the savings in my opinion. (I've had similar experience with Dollar Store batteries.)
Every time I brew a cup off coffee there are tons of coffee grinds in my coffee. I have cleaned my pot several times. Thank god I only have a few pods left. Will never buy this brand again!!!
Overpriced, works about the same as raovac.
Of the four used so far, two already lost charge, one so much as giving a negative read on a voltmeter.
We are very disappointed in the quality of Amazon's AA batteries. They have failed 3 or 4 times in various products we own. The most costlywas it's use in our small wall safe in our home. The 6 batteries failed after two months and we had to have a service open it at the tune of225.00. Another example was a radio and flashlights. We will have to throw the rest out.
Basic battery
How do I rate this I really can't tell because I am not going to test every single one of them!
I feel like they don't work as long.
Love the price but for me,they just don't seem to last as long as my other brand.
Price is good but I don't think these batteries perform as well as their peers. Reading reviews from actual electricians, I think they agree.I love Amazon products but wouldn't buy these again (unless they were more than half off their competitor's prices).
I have a digital charger that has been very effective at recharging alkaline batteries. I usually get two or three 90 charges from a quality battery before it starts to leak. These are fine for their original life, but none could handle a recharge. Yes, I know that's what all alkaline batteries advertise, but at this price, which is equivalent to what I pay for Maxell and others, I expected a more robust container.
Batteries die very quickly. Spend the extra for better batteries.
I am a die hard Duracell and Energizer user for many years.. Truth is, these are good for normal use items, such as a tv remote, or other items that aren't on a constant drain. However, for long term uses on a day to day I still will stick with Duracell, but these are OK.
OK, good price but don't expect Duracell longevity.
I buy a lot of these. I don't think that the longevity is exceptional but they are inexpensive in bulk. Worry about recycle maybe need to consider rechargeables
Don't seem to last very long changing brands
They work
It seems the plus pole pins of these batteries are somewhat shorter than the poles of other brand batteries. The batteries didn't make contact in some of the devices I was planning to use them in.
The batteries are a good price but I am not sure how charged they are. They seem to run out faster than other batteries that I have used.
They seem to die pretty fast.
Okay if you're using for household use, I tried to use with my speedlites for photography and these ran out entirely too quickly.
On average, these batteries do not last as long as the Energizer. They cost less to buy, but overall, there isn't much saving.
Was very disappointed to see that one of my batteries corroded and leaked in a device within only a few days of placing it in the device. Will not purchase again.
Bought these because I had heard from several sources that alkaline batteries are one of those items that you can buy as generics and get comparable quality to name brands. It is not unusual for me to keep batteries in storage for more than a year without a problem with leakage. These, after a year, would begin leaking soon after installing them. That is, they come out of their protective wrap looking brand new but would leak within days. They fouled up a few things, one of which was a good work flashlight. I hadn't seen a battery leak in decades. I had to throw out the remaining ones even though they looked deceptively good.
5 of the batteries leaked from the package. Will not buy these again.
About 1/3 the life of energized or Duracell batteries.
All were dead
Alot of the batteries were dead or very weak
amazon sucks these batteries drain like the water in my toilet
As soon as i place the new battery in my card alarm, ut says 1 bar charged
Awful batteries don't work
Awful batteries.
bad product, not working in the remote car where it required 3 AA batteries.
Batteries arrived drained. all of them.
Batteries did not last more than two days
Batteries didn't last long at all
batteries didnt even last one month...very dissapointed
Batteries die super fast!
Batteries last for about 2 days in my Xbox one controller.
batteries used primarily for remotes, batteries last for about 1 month
Batteries very week. Would Not Work IN Several devices.
Batteries were weak and didn't last a week in remote
Battery blew up in the charger. Returned product for full refund.
Better at the dollar store no matter what the brand
Booooo
Broke about a month after ordering them.
BRUTAL! THEY DONT LAST LONG AT ALL!
Cheap
Did not fix my leaking water pump
die after one hour of use
Die way too fast
Died almost immediately. Ruined their purpose for the purpose needed.
do not last long at all - never by these again
Do not last near as long as other 'off brand' batteries
Does not last as long as the good batteries
doesn't last like the other brands
Don't buy. Don't last!
don't hold a charge - have to recharge too frequently
don't last long. Replace batteries in my clock almost every 2 months.
Don't last!
Don't seem to last as long as Duracell...Wouldn't buy them again
don't seem to last very long
Don't waste your money. They last about 2 days in a wii remote.
Entire pack of batteries was dead!
garbage
Good price with ugly design.
Great price but these do not last very long.
Half of the batteries received were dead and there is no replace option.
I feel like the batteries wasted quickly. It did not last as long as store bought batteries.
I have the wrong size batteries
i like amazon product.but this battery was not good.
I ordered AA
I used them for my Xbox 1 controllers. They do not last long compared to name brands.
Idk why I ended up with AAA, when I orderd AA... Oh well
Inconsistent. VERY short life.
It didn't last for even one day,
It goes off in week.
Junk wont charge
Junk, they don't work
life of the batteries do not last
LOVE THE BATTERIES.THANKS
More than half did not work
More then half did not work :(
never again. don't last. especially short life in cold weather.
None of them would recharge.
not good at all
Not happy at all very slow compare to others I ordered
Not universal. Did not work on garage door opener, given as gift but now cannot return.
Pretty sure they didn't really have a charge when they arrived
Really good price for a reason, first two batteries I used were dead. Do not waste your money!
Save your money,these do not last half the time of Duracell
Sent me old dead batteries
should buy duracell
Substandard...Dollar store batteries last longer
terrible
The capacity is suspect. I seem to have gotten a lot more out of Energizer.
The products that it was delivered but I could not find it anywhere
These are absolute junk. I'm half way through the pack and so far every single battery has leaked.UPDATE:Ok, these batteries are horrible. Every single battery leaked, ruining some of the items they were in. In almost 30 years of buying from Amazon these batteries are the most disappointing thing thing I've ever received.Amazon, in case you are interested the lot number is JK150601
These batteries are absolute garbage. Very little capacity.
These batteries are awful, have no power and die fast
These batteries do not come close to duracel in terms of longevity.
These batteries do not last or work well. Spend the extra buck and buy Duracell.
these batteries do not perform as good as the cheapest ones on the market.
these batteries don't last very long
these batteries explode - terrible quality
These batteries have a very short life. Need replaced every week. Used ina solar light outside Very unsatisfactory
These batteries have an extremely short life. Below Amazon's standards.
These batteries suck!!!!!!Stay away from them! Read bad reviews, they last only weeks.
These did not fit my device...
These did not last long at all.
These die way too fast.
These do not last long. Will never buy again
These suck. Had for a week. Stopped working. Garbage.
these were dead on arrival
theses batteries don't last very long not worth the money
they are not good as described. the power is easy to be used out.
they are terrible
They are too cheap, please buy rechargeable batteries instead of wasting the environment!
They die quickly
They do not last
they don't hold a charge like the top brands do.
They don't hold a charge very well.
They don't last. I would not buy again
They don't work and are dead!!!!!!
They fail earlier than brand names. I assumed Amazon would match in beat others. I won't order again.
they let for about 5 recharges
They lost power within minutes in digital cameras.
They paired these with a order that uses AA
They were dead. I'm baffled.
This is not what I received.
took WAY to long to receive. and then some were corroded.
Tore within one week and is baby blue and very shear not green.
Trash. Only lasted a few hours.
Tried them in 2 flashlights. Neither worked.
Used these for 2 insta bulb lights purchased from here also and they last about a week. Crazy!!!
Utterly worthless, no staying power.
very cheap batteries
very disappointed in these!
Very dissappintes with these. Have had to replace almost all of them.
Very weak batteries
Wore out way to fast
Worst batteries ever....they work once and drain out...you try to use something again and the battery is dead!
Worst batteries I've ever bought.
Worst battery I've ever used. Lasts 1/3 as long as eveready!!!
Wrong Item
I bought these batteries to put into my bluetooth wireless speaker so that I didn't have to always have it plugged into it's AC power source. After only an hour of using my speaker with these batteries, my speaker died! I'm sad and disappointed that the batteries only managed to give me an hour of listening through my speaker, and honestly I'm shocked too. I read a lot of great reviews for these batteries and unfortunately, for me it did not deliver the quality that I wanted and needed :(.
Ordered these batteries along with a wall mounted mirror. Upon inserting these batteries the light did not work. Thinking something was wrong with the mirror. I decided to go to Target and buy more batteries. Replacing your batteries my light now works. I would return them but the return date was past due. Thanks for your time.
I received these batteries today and looked at the date after reading another review and the batteries are 4 years out of date. Please don't buy these.
This pillow is made of memory foam but it is rock hard. It actually made my neck pain worse. The reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one is that the fabric feels nice and seems well made. This may work for some people but not me.
NOT MUCH POWER IN THESE BATTS
I waited to write this review until I had tried nearly all of the batteries that I ordered. Most of them did not have any power in them. The few that did work lasted maybe an hour. I pitched the remaining 6 because I cannot depend on them at this point. Maybe I just got a bad batch but these are the worst collection batteries I have ever used. I would not recommend these to anyone else based on my experience.
These batteries are actually falling apart before we use them. They are junk
I didnt like it from the begining because it isnt very ergomatic. It was easy to hit the wrong button shocking your dog when it was last set to vibrate. It was veru easy to push buttuns so you cant put it in a pocket. Then a week into use while replacing a probe, I hand turned to tighten it and the prope broke with the scew end broke off level and no way to get it out. I bought a product that had a different control style (so many manufators use the same controler design) and i hsve no problems with handling this one. Another problem is that the reciever can be shook off the collar the more it is worn. We lost the reciever after a few weeks. It might be ok if your dog is a fast learner and plan to use it for just a few days.
You get what you pay for. These batteries are cheap and don't last as long as Duracels or Energizer. If I had to estimate I'd say they last around 50 as long as those mentioned.
Now I know why these are so inexpensive! I'm baffled as to how they've earned such high reviews. I've used them in a variety of devices portable LED lights that I utilize maybe once every two months for events, in a battery-operated soap-dispenser, in tap lights in a closet/hallway, in toys... In the soap-dispenser, they lasted three weeks. I thought the dispenser must be faulty, switched them out. Next set of these batteries lasted a week. In the LED lights, the batteries lasted five hours. Less in the toys and tap lights. At this rate, I'll have used the whole box of 20 batteries in less than 6 months. What a wasteful, useless product!
I have used these batteries in several items from flashlights to toys. I have found them less than adaquate for the items they were used in. In my flashlights, I have found they last with average use about 3 weeks. Not very good. For controllers like TV remotes, they last less than a month. They may be cheper in the short run but they become much more expensive in the long run. I will not buy them again and suggest paying a bit more and getting the name brand batteries.
Works like a charm.Some batteries were already dead/not charged at the factory.When they are being used they carry a acceptable long charge
Batteries just don't have the strength or long run time. Read all the possitive and negative comments before I bought and they are true.These batteries are good to poor in performance. They start good and quickly drain down to poor. Under heavy load they drain very quickly, will come back with a rest but drain faster each time. Dont use in equipment that have a heavy demand. Clocks would be ok. Expect 1/2 the performance of the leading brands.
Buy these. They do not last at all.
Great price, however battery life is not comparable to other brands.
After receiving this box of batteries, as we made our way through them, we realized that the batteries were all close to dead. Now we are past the return date. Not buying these again. Would give zero star rating if I could.
I read a lot of reviews and convinced myself the AmazonBasics AA alkaline batteries were going to be a good buy. Nope. I put a pair in my TV remote, and within a month the TV was telling me to replace the batteries because of low power. I decided to check some new ones right out of the wrapper with my battery tester. 8 brand new batteries tested - all 8 in the red on the battery tester...not totally dead, but just inside the red. Next trip to Home Depot, I picked up the big pack of Energizer AA batteries and did the same test on them. 8 for 8 all in the green on my battery tester.Oh well, not worth crying about 13 worth of weak batteries. I am sure others have had great luck with the same AmazonBasics AA batteries. I just wanted to add my experience so others can make an informed decision. Good luck!
I compared these against the Costco Kirkland brand and was quite disappointed with the Amazon Basic AA batteries. I used these in a flashlight test and after two hours, the Costco brand still worked fine, but the Amazon Basics were close to dead. I'm very disappointed with this brand and won't buy it again. For short term use, it's fine, but they don't last over time.
Batteries leaked when in charging station.
Don't think they were as good as the ones I get at Dollar Tree. I will not buy again they were a waste of money
These batteries are very poor quality and do not last even half the time of standard Energizer or Duracell batteries
Horrible quality. These last 4 to 6 days in an Xbox controller and maybe 10 days in a remote. Horrible quality.
these are junk. you get a large quantity but they are not long-lasting and sometimes need to be changed after only a few hours of continuous use.i do not recommend these and will not purchase them again.
Bought these and regret it. I must have gotten a bad batch since these were lasting only three weeks in my smoke detectors. After a few weeks, all smoke detectors using them started beeping like they are low on power. A battery tester confirmed the batteries were low. I replaced them with store-bought Rayovac batteries and haven't had any issues.
Your milage may vary. My milage is after being recharged less than ten times, two different sets of the batteries rapidly lost capacity to hold charge (from full to empty in 30 seconds) and leaked, each time in a different devices, damaging at least one of them.. I'm hesitant to try any more of them.My opinion garbage.I have been using rechargeable batteries for years. Frys' no name, Energizer and Duracell all worked great. The AmazonBasics are no where near the level of the these brands in regards to quality.
Multiple batteries leaked, ruining one toy and causing messes in other items. Poor quality.
I have had mine for about 6 months, now 2 won't last mare than a week in my TV remote. Pretty annoying!
price is good... look good on paper.. some i have are bad.. after few times use .won't buy again unless quality goes up..
Not quite the performance I would expect from a product that Amazon puts it's name on. A bit dissapointed.
When I opened the pack and put them in a device, it already said battery low.
This is sth i never had with other serious brands. disappointing and returning
Trying to contact seller. Product very tarnished and rusty like it's been used or very old. Very disappointed by appearance and quality
purchased in sept 2015 went to change because light was not working . batteries leaked and ruined a special optical light . now checking all other light they are in .
Put these into a high power flashlight and took my dog out. Within ten minutes the flashlight was so dim that it was worthless. I would never buy these again!
I Ordered these to use in my flashes to shoot a wedding. They are with out a doubt the worst batteries I've ever used. They'd last for maybe 30 to 40 shots, and they would start to over heat. I have to dump then into my shirt instead of my hand they were so hot, they would burn you.Typically I can run though a wedding with energizer batters (4 AA) and only have to swap batteries once. I went through this entire pack, and had to go buy more at a store. Which the ones I bought later caused no issues and finished out the night.Very displeased and glad they did not destroy my equipment and blow up like many have had issues with. I will never buy these again.
I purchased an 8-pack back in April. I used 2 right away in a remote and put the remaining 6 up in a cabinet. Last night (3 months later) I went to replace batteries in another remote and all 6 were dead. I purchased another box of batteries from a local store, installed them in the remote the remote worked great. Definitely a quality issue on some of these batteries based on other reviews.
I needed some regular batteries to toss into random things where my rechargeables normally get lost and forgotten. Normally I prefer amazon's brand, but these white batteries were just not that great. Some of them barely worked. They were very inconsistent.
Quality seems good. I just wish the buttons lit up on the bagel and frozen buttons. Also, the slots aren't long enough or deep enough for a good sized bagel.
I think the price is really good for the amount. But I feel the battery life is not as long as my preferred choice of battery. Will go back to my original choice of batteries.Besides that I did not have any issues with them and they are perfectly good working batteries.
These batteries are very iffy. I have Mag-Lite's that require 3 AAA batteries and they have always drained the batteries equally, not with these batteries. I tried using my Mag-Lite this AM and it was dead. Did I leave it on and set it on it's end Nope. I checked the batteries and 2 of them were still good, but the 3rd wouldn't even register any voltage. This has happened 3 times with 2 different Mag-Lite XL200's and these batteries.Will not purchase again.
I thought I was getting a great deal, but I learned the hard way if you don' use them up quickly, they go dead in a hurry. Extremely limited shelf life so don't buy these in bulk if you don't plan to use them w/ in 6 mo.s. If your using them in medical equipment, I'm sorry to say I'm choosing another battery. I don't like bashing an Amazon product and there's always the chance I got a bad batch but in this instance, (medical equipment) you want power when you need, I had several groans from the bfrnd about his TV remotes eating up his batteries, I thought my wireless mice were eating them up as well, so I bought another mouse, but when I put 2 fresh packs in my ten's unit 4 ea. time they started out weak then didn't last 15 min ea.. set it's time to choose another brand of battery not the product your putting it in. I did test the one's I took out before putting the new one's in. I didn't think to test them before putting them in.....
Haven't used many of them yet, but the two or three have have used seem to be fine.
I really wanted to love the Amazon AA batteries but they just are not durable enough for my usage. As a night time long distance runner, I have LED headlamps with a rear red flashing light that I use which require 3 AA batteries.I usually purchase Duracell or Energizer batteries in bulk and they have worked well. Rechargeable batteries are not very good in LED Headlamps so those are out.The problem with the Amazon batteries is that I get about 8 or 9 hours of strong light, then it really fades fast. The longest I have used the Amazon batteries is 11 hours and by then, the light is less than 40 brightness. The other issue I noticed with these batteries is that the front headlight will lightly flash in time with the rear light once the front brightness is reduced. When I test the batteries with a tester, they are only 1/2 way through the green range.Duracell and Energizers give me nearly 16 - 18 hours at full brightness and maybe 3 or 4 hours with 40. I have not seen the light flashing when the brightness drops on the these batteries. When I test the batteries after the light is reduced, they are in the yellow or red area.The Amazon Batteries give me two less than the Energizers and Duracells which is significant. I average 5 night time runs with the Duracells and Energizers and 2, sometimes 3 with Amazon Batteries.These may be perfect in remote controls and other static use devices, but if it has to drive a light or a motor, you may want to skip these.The light pictures show new, 5 and 9 hours.The 2nd light shows new and 4 hours.The battery tester shows new, 4, 8 and 11 hours.
These run outmuch quicker than the Rayovac Ultra and cost the same...
Save your money, they don't last very long
Junk...save your money... totally useless batteries that last hours if that.
These batteries leak not satisfied!
Ordered these for my son's remote control truck. Put them in both trucks and within a week the batteries in both trucks exploded, ruining both of them. So not only am I out the money I spent on the batteries I have to buy a new truck that costs 50. Spend the extra money and buy Duracell!
The scale arrived earlier than expected, and came packaged nicely. No visible damage on the box, so I was excited to test it out. The scale came with batteries, which was very convenient. However, upon turning on the scale, I discovered that the entire lower line of the display failed to light up and change (I.E: an 8 looks like an A, 3 looks like a backwards F). Other than that, this scale would have been fantastic. One thing to note, the weighing platform is not silver itself, but rather appears to be a silver plastic.
Important Part missing - the power cordStained and 2 different colored remotesNot acceptable
Second purchase of an amazon battery product and just as disappointing as the first. Batteries don't last very long and they quickly leak battery acid. Installed for less than 1 year and already leaking in two separate devices stored in different conditions. Will never buy amazon batteries again. Definitely not worth the few dollars saved.
Seemed to die very fast.I only purchased amazon batteries about 6 months ago and already replaced them in more than one device that should last quite a bit longer.Noticed the same for the AAA
Seems like quality varies. Some of the batts work great and las long and in the same device some fail quickly
Several if these were dead but majority are good
Asian products are infamous for their low quality, failure, and or harmful nature. These batteries produced in Indonesia live up to that reality. Out of ten batteries I finally found four that had enough juice to power the piece of equipment I purchased them for. Had I know they were made in Asia I would never have purchased them to begin with.
short battery life
They don't last very long.
Cheap batteries, but they don't last long for me. I've been using them in my fire tv remote. I have to replace them every month. The batteries before these lasted for 6 months for comparison.
Noticed short life and not enough power for some items
These batteries do not have a long life.
These things only last about a week in a Roku remote I will not be reordering.
They had such positive reviews, I suppose it's possible that I got a bad batch. I've bought the Maxcell brand quite a bit which is slightly cheaper than these and I 'd compare them to Rayovak, not quite Duracell, but good. These lasted less than half as long, crazy! I had high hopes as an Amazon fan. Sad.
they last about half as long as duracell batteries do. they are cheap but they are not worth it.
They really don't last very long
Batteries last about a week in a wall clock- name brands last six months. Don't waste your money.
I was disappointed with these batteries. I thought they were going to be a higher quality and work as well as the name brand batteries. I bought these to use in my sons' leapster GS explorers. My sons do not play on them nonstop and they shut off on their own after being idle for a few minutes. These batteries don't even last 3 days. 8 hrs of use at the most! Because we can't afford to go through batteries so quickly, I change them once a week. It's really sad that they don't hold up longer. Time to go back to brand name as it will save money over these and use some rechargables. Do not buy if you plan on using these for something more than a remote or clock.
We have been extremely disappointed in these batteries. Put them in our game camera and they were dead after two weeks. Should have lasted two or three months. Same thing with everything we have used these batteries for. Don't waste your money, Buy Duracell instead.
I bought these several months ago. I use them for Xbox One controllers. Using Duracell batteries I get roughly 20+ hours out of 2 AA.With these Amazon ones, after about 6-7 hours I start getting low battery notices, and unlike the Duracell that I get a few warnings with, I only get one shortly before losing all power. Stick with the name brands, I tried these generic ones and regret it.
They are batteries and they do work... but not for long. I pretty much base battery quality by how long they last in my wireless mouse. Generally I have to replace my home mouse every 5-6 months. I purchased these Amazon Basics AA Performance Alkaline batteries 3-1/2 months ago. In that time I've replaced my home mouse battery *3* times!! (The 3rd being yet again today.) My daughter has also gone through 2 batteries in her mouse as well (though she spends most of her time on her laptop with the touchpad).The shipping was fast and you get several batteries for a low cost, but I think a more economical way to go is to spend a little extra on name brand dependable batteries that last 2-3 times as long.
These batteries don't last long at all.
Dont last very long
They didn't last the Christmas season....not even half of it.
In Firestick remote it lasts about a week before replacement is required. Digging deeper alkaline batteries only last as long as they retain the upper percentage of their voltage. Either I have a bad batch or these degrade quickly in remotes. I plan on asking Amazon why this basic is so short lived in peak voltage retention.
10 year storage life is a joke. I had some that I purchased only 8 months ago and when I went to use them, they already have zero juice left in them. I double checked with a battery tester and got zippo - zero. Not recommended.
So at first I was happy, but my computer mouse started flashing red (low battery) about a week of having the new battery. Not impressed with battery life, but it works short term.
These batteries seemed to last about half as long as (Wegmans) store-brand AA batteries. Not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing that it's so many in a package. Disappointing.
Shortest battery life I have ever experienced, using a Microsoft BlueTooth mouse that I have had for years, and have never experienced a shorter time between changing batteries than with these Amazon batteries! Duracell even Energizer or Maxell are far superior given my long decades of experience. Bah Humbug to Amazon on this one.
I don't know if I got a bad batch, but I'm getting less than two week's of use when I use them in my Baldwin Keyless Deadbolt (https://www.amazon.com/Baldwin-8252-AC1-Cylinder-Electronic-Deadbolt/dp/B00441UCY0/) which takes 4 AA batteries. The Duracell Alkaline usually last 2-3 months, so I'm pretty appalled at how short these. I'm in San Francisco and it doesn't get that cold so I don't think that's the problem.I've tested the batteries with my tester (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B005G7SBY4) and it indicates they are good and in the green, yet won't drive the deadbolt.When I took the weakened batteries out of the deadbolt (that still show green) and put them in my headlamp (https://www.amazon.com/Fenix-HL23-Headlamp-XP-G2-FENIX-HL23-XP-G2-GOLD/dp/B00SH08UXY/), they only give about 20 minutes before they completely die.
I use AA batteries in my double electric breast pump. I usually have to replace Duracell every 3-4 days but these I had to replace every 24 hours or so. Truly did not last long!
Small for size,, and already separating from waistband. Will not buy again.
SO BAD DO NOT EVEN LAST TWO MONTHS IN A MOUSE....A MOUSE!!!!!That's what I call utter garbage. Would return if possible.
Dollar store Sunbeam batteries lasted longer than these crappy things. So disappointing!
not long lasting move on pay more get more
so so
Good price for batteries except it seems like they don't last near as long as name brand
these batteries are ok but do not seem to have much power over time compared to the copper top brand. bought them for game controllers, so the family seems go through them like water
I usually buy the 5.00 24 battery special at Harbor Freight, but they were not on sale when I needed some, so I decided to get theseBoth of the batteries are supposed to be Alkaline, so you would think they would both last about the same length of time NO SOI use these in a Personal Pedi Callused Skin grinder, so they get a good workoutAMAZON's batteries just don't last as long.... and it's a NOTICEABLE differenceI'm going back to Harbor Freight's Alkaline's
My kids go thru a lot of batteries. These are good for the wii remote and other items that do not draw a huge power source but flash lights and the such seem to go thru them a lot faster.
So, I saw all the glowing reviews and was startled by the low price for 48 of this alkaline batteries. Yeah, well, NOW I am startled by how long they last. Uh-oh, make that DON'T last. I don't take but 20 to 30 shots from my little Finepix camera before the lens starts closing when I try to shoot. Compare that to...well, I'm not gonna lie. I never counted, but I took TONS of shots using Duracell alkaline bats. Conservative estimate At least 300 shots for each set of two. Einstein not needed to do the math on that. I just looked and see that they are made in Indonesia, which may or may not matter, since I don't know where Duracells are made. I still have 34 of these lousy things left. Ticks me off, royally!!!(Now, let us see if this shows as a confirmed purchase.
I'll give them two stars for the price, but you really do get what you pay for. These batteries seemed to die a lot faster than the Kirkland ones I got from Costco. Or, maybe it's just some of them that fail too soon. I put several new Amazon AA batteries in a few different devices that get a good amount of use. When a couple of those devices stopped working, I tested the batteries. In both cases, only one battery was actually dead, the other was fine. That seems weird, weird enough that I'll go back to Costco for my next battery purchase.
I don't know if I just got a bad batch or not, but some of these batteries are partially discharged. I opened a pack of 4, put them in a device and it gave me a low battery indication. I swapped them out with 4 more from the same box and they worked.
Several of the (new) batteries do not work. Very frustrating to replace a battery in an appliance and gave it not work and not know whether the problem is the appliance or the battery. Plus some things require several batteries and so it is hard to figure out which battery is not functional...I've experienced this with a couple devices (one wireless mouse and one kids toy) and trying different batteries resolves it, so I'm pretty confident the problem is the batteries.
Came with only 12 of the 36 batteries in the box. Someone can't count. Two previous orders came with all 36, which warrants a 3 rating overall I suppose.
Lots of batteries, but I am going through them pretty quickly. I will switch to a higher quality battery on my next order.
Just opened a brand new box of Amazon AAA batteries 100 count . Sorry Amazon, but I had to open several packages of 4 only to discover. That most of the brand new batteries contained in the box arrived DEAD. I put a meter on the batteries to check for voltage. Some read 1v DC some read 0v dc and some read 2. volts. The batteries I removed from my head set were weak but at least had 1 volt As you can see in the photo the freshness date states 12-2026. . I certainly expect to find more dead batteries in that box. I don't have the time to check each package of 4 right now. Not good Amazon. I am concerned, because I purchase your packages of 9 volts and packages of AA as well. will I be surprised and disappointed as well
These don't last long, wouldn't buy again. Spend the extra money get good batteries.
Update 4/30/16:I've been trying to use up the last of the batteries and two more have been found leaking acid since the previous review. I didn't want to just throw them out but at this point is isn't worth the mess and damage to devices.Original Review:Bought two packs of these on subscribe and save in the last couple months. We play laser tag and the guns require 6 batteries each so I thought this would be a good source of cheap batteries for our 8 guns. I put these in about a week ago after having the batteries sitting on a shelf for a couple months. We played a game and then put the guns up. The next time we played ( about 3 days later) I noticed an oily liquid running out of one of the guns. The battery was leaking acid and it had run out of the battery compartment and was all over the outside.I get that it happens to other batteries as well, but that's usually after sitting in a device for months, not a few days. I would not trust these in anything expensive...and take them out immediately after use. I won't buy again. Sorry, no pics...I was busy cleaning up the mess.
These batteries are HORRIBLE. I purchased the 36 pack of AAA's a few months ago, and just started using them last week. So far out of 5 batteries used 2 were DOA, 2 lasted 4 days and 1 got so hot the plastic around the end is burnt.
Lasted less than half the time of a Duracell alkaline battery in the same conditions. (LED candles, on continuously).
Bought AmazonBasics for all the new toys my kids were getting for Christmas, all of which have had to be replaced in the past couple months. Life of this battery isn't great.
Maybe I got a bad batch. However, with 48 batteries, you'd think if that were the case that some of them would work well, and for me they have not. The main way these are being used are in an Xbox remote. The Xbox is only used to run Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Video on our tv, so I am basically using the game remote as a TV remote. It is never used for playing video games. That being said, I am lucky if a set of 2 of these batteries lasts 10 days in this remote. That is a far cry from name brand batteries I have bought. I purchased these thinking they would be a great deal. However, going through them 3x as fast as other batteries makes them a worse value, not to mention it is annoying to have to change them out so often. I will use up the ones I already bought, then I will not be buying any more.
Of the 6 I used so far, out of the box and wrapper, completely dead... thanks...
Arrived and maybe only 1/3 of the batteries actually worked. The ones that did not work have little juice to them or some are just dead.Sucks because when I ordered AA batteries from the Amazon brand a while back they worked amazing and were of great price. These are cheap but when you factor in how many of them you can actually use this was not a cheap buy at all.
I went through all 48 in less than 2 weeks. I can't lie and say they were awesome, when they were not.
Terrible - The product lasts less than a week in a home weather station, regardless if warm or cold weather. Cheap Rayovac batteries work just fine and I will stick with buying those locally at Menards.
Worst batteries I've ever used. I used them in a sensor light. They only worked l l/2 months while my prior Energizer batteries had worked for 5 l/2 months. I can see why these batteries are so cheap. I definitely would NOT recommend them to anyone.
Terrible decision on my part to trust Amazon to make even a decent battery. How hard can it be, right Batteries don't last. Every device I've used them in began to have quirky little malfunctions (remote buttons don't always work or do what they are supposed to do, mouse randomly disconnects from computer, etc.). Maybe I got a bad batch -- all 48 of them. Lesson learned.
I tried using these on my mini mist diffuser, amazon basics batteries discharges easily within a week. This is terrible in comparison to energizer batteries which lasts at least 3 months.
Ok, terrible life span.
Are not strong enough to work the remote to my smart tv. Not sure what I will use these for since they only last about two weeks in my other tv remote.
Terrible!! The batteries drained way too fast. We put them in wreaths with lights and went dead within 2 days. They were timed for 4 hours so it's not on for long. We used Energizer batteries last year and worked for the 20 days that were on display and didn't have to change any. But I guess for 24 for 100 you get what you pay for. Will not buy these again.
The batteries are such a great deal but don't have the strength needed to run certain toys. We hve a snap circuit kit and it doesn't power it enough to make the fans fly. A little disappointed.
The batteries are the very worst I have ever used. I use a wireless mouse for work, and I've had to replace the battery every 2 weeks, instead of once a year like my old batteries. By the time you figure out how bad they are, you will be outside your return window. A fail for Amazon if you ask me, and makes me question whether I should keep shopping with them.
The batteries had very short life. Long time fan of Amazon.com, first time buyer of Amazon brand batteries. Replaced batteries in a digital clock. After about 3 months (I bought the batteries in August, and now it's November), the batteries were dead. I have had this clock for years and never had any brand of batteries that lasted so short.
I opened up this package fresh and put two AA batteries in my Xbox one controller. It only lasted for a few hours of gameplay. When I took the batteries out they seem quite warm. I used my heat gun and they were 115F. I got a new set of two batteries and placed it in my controller. They only kept the controller on for less than a minute. When I took the batteries out one burned my finger. I grabbed my heat temperature gun and in certain spots it registered over 127I'm not going to try and use anymore in any electronics. I'm not sure what's going on here Amazon.
I opened the package today and put in my son car toy, didn't work at all, I took them out and put back in again, didn't work, so I got the other brand battery and put them in, the car run just fine. I'm going to return this and will not buy amazon battery again.
The charge is really bad. I used them all up super quick because they don't last. Will not buy again.
One of the batteries was dead right out of the package. The other three in the pack was fine.
The package was open and had no batteries....
The price is good but they 'battery life' is much lower than other alkaline batteries we use. I get approx half the life from these batteries - compared to Walmart RayoVacs
The price was good, but we had some trouble with them working in a flashlight. They didn't connect right, and we couldn't get it to work. The flashlight worked with other batteries, though.
The price was great for these batteries but they don't last for very long. For some items they don't work at all. It's like they just don't have a lot of power. I will not be getting these again.
The quality of Amazon AA battery is going down. Now just after a few weeks, even when it shows full power from battery power meter, the Amazon battery cannot be used in many appliances. (bluetooth keyboard, soap dispenser...)
I was excited about the prices of these batteries, however you get what you pay for. These batteries are awful. I've used them in toys, remotes, and flashlights. The remote lasted for like a week! I used the flashlight for a few minutes and that's all the use I got out of them. I unsubscribed to this item. No thanks.
The worst batteries that i have ever purchased. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY. Dont hold a charge for long and you have to buy Amazon's rechargeable pack. Doesnt work with otber brands but doesnt work with amazons either. I got this huge box and about 6 (yes, 6) actually recharge. Spend the money on duracell or energizer. I have a 4 pack of durcell with a charger and still works after years of recharging
Worst batteries I have ever purchased - bought them for Christmas items like battery operated lights and candles but they didn't last even a week with limited usage. Spend a little more and get more for your and time, it'll save you in the long run!
and then there's cheap. yeah cheap batteries alright but also cheap performance. these last half the time the C's house brand batteries, (in the same unit) for only just a little less money. disappointed as I was hoping Amazon might try to only put their name brand on half way decent stuff.there's a reason they send you a whole big box of 'em, ..... you'll go through 'em fast.
I bought these thinking, Great I can save some money!...... Well.... no you won't....I have to use batteries in my camera because I'm too cheap to go buy a new camera..so I bought all these batteries (2 big boxes) ....Usually 2 batteries last about 10 hours if I continuously use them, take a lot of pics.(like energizer)...... Seriously, these batteries last me probably 2 hours when using them a lot...... Not kidding.....I will not repurchase these.......
This battery is fine, but I purchased it because I thought it was rechargeable. Shame on me for not noticing, but I thought it looked just like the rechargeable ones I had purchased before. I bought it on Prime Day for about 6, so I thought I was just getting a great deal.Disappointing. I don't normally buy regular batteries, as we go thought them like water in all of our Thomas trains and other toys. I wish I had noticed the difference.
work but short life
These are OK for the price. I have an LED string of dewdrop lights I bought from Amazon and these batteries will last for 3-4 days of it on 24/7 but the Costco Kirkland brand batteries will last 2 weeks being lit 24/7.
Bought these batteries because of the 4 - 5 star ratings from verified purchases.....what These are the worst batteries I've ever used! 1 week of these batteries 1 month or more of brand name batteries.
These batteries are not very good. I bought them for the electric candles and after they were used 2 for 4 hours, the batteries were dead. My candles with everready are still burning after months.
These batteries are okay they don't seem to last as long as brand name batteries, but you can't beat the price for these.
The batteries suck. I have them in my mouse and I have to replace them every week. My Duracell's would last a month. I feel like they are only 1/2 charged, I put new ones in my flash for my high quality camera, and the flash was really slow and dim. Pretty crappy for new batteries. I am not pleased
These batteries are terrible. All of my clocks (bought in this same order) need new batteries already because they are all dying. I now have to buy all Energizer batteries. :-(
There is no place to contact seller THESE batteries are the worst ! The last two days to a week. I would like a refund!
These batteries are the worst. They leak and they die ridiculously fast. I've replaced the battery in my kitchen clock twice in the past month. They last about 6 hours of use in a Wii remote. I usually like the amazon basics brand, but these batteries were a total waste.
These batteries come very low charged. I took new batteries and put them in a computer mouse. Next day there was a Mouse Battery is very Low. Its not the first time.
These batteries do not last long.
I bought these for my cameras. They don't last any time at all. I won't buy these again.
These batteries don't last very long at all. Save your money. I don't recommend
These batteries have a short life compared to other alkaline batteries that we use. They are definitely basic batteries. I will not order these again.
These batteries last about 25 of a stander energizer! Dont be suckered in by the price..... WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN!
Please be aware that these batteries leak! I put these in a few electric candles and alarm clocks in our house, after a few days the bottom of the candles and clocks were coated with battery acid. No other battery brands have done this in our house before. I cannot tell you if they last long or not, got rid of them immediately.
These came with touch lights and they have been used for 7 days. The lights are already so dimmed and the batteries need replacing soon.
...not even in a mouse, where I've already had to replace the batteries in less than three months, where premium brand batteries last the best part of a year or more.I thought these would be a bargain given the price. But the life is so short there is no benefit or savings. I won't buy these again.
These don't seem to last very long at all. I used them on my light in chicken coop. I replace once a week and only used it 2 or three times each week. Very dissapointed in this purchase. I usually buy our batteries from Costco.
These have been the worse batteries. I've bought these before and didn't have a problem but this batch doesn't even last a month.
These leaked battery acid twice over a two week person in LED lights which don't pull a lot of power. I will go for a brand name next time...I can't have my students getting burns from leaky batteries.
These r the worst batteries ever! Amazon should stop selling!!! They last a couple of weeks on a clock! Everyone I've used! I should send back..
These were at a great price point didn't last anywhere near as long as I thought they would. For the little bit more I would get the Duracell or Enegizer ones.
they are cheep so i guess you get what you pay for. i use them in my kids toys and they don't last long.
They are good batteries for the price but I find I have to change the batteries in my kid's toys more often than I did with duracell. Because of the price I would still buy them again, but if it's something you don't want to be swapping the batteries on all the time, I would go for a different battery.
They are OK but not nearly as good as other batteries. They die far more quickly than other name brands. For example, I've changed the battery on my mouse three four times in just a few months already verses prior Durecell batteries that I changed maybe once a year. Several other things such as wireless Apple keyboard, remotes, etc., similar results, e.g., batteries wore out in a third or fourth of the time of Durecell. I won't buy them again. Discount not worth it. Result of purchase has been net negative.
They are okay. I thought by the reviews they would last longer but I'm only getting a little life out of them.
Their regular batteries, what else can I say about 'em.
These suck! I may as well bought dollar tree batteries! We put them in three wreaths for Christmas lights that turn on for 4 hrs at night then turn themselves off with a timer and they burned out in three days, that's 12 HRS! Don't recommend....
I thought I was getting a deal when I saw these batteries. Unfortunately, they died after two weeks. I do not recommend buying this brand.
Worst performance in AA alkaline batteries we have ever seen. We bought these for use in our manufacturing company, and we used them in a wide variety of applications. Everyone has had poor performance. For clocks that used to have batteries last three years, this brand lasted only several weeks. Same problems when used in a computer mouse by several people, laser pointers, and other applications. We are going back to name-brand AA batteries. This is the worst rating I have given any product in a long time.
they do not last like other batteries. i use in candles with timers... i get maybe 2 weeks out of them... 50+ hours.... i use to get months out of my duracell....
These do not last long. I will stick to Kirkland or Duracell from now on. I usually change my mouse battery once a year, and since I started using these, it is every other month. Disappointing.
I have found that a large percentage of these batteries only last about half as long as Duracell. I had assumed that since Amazon doesn't own a battery factory, that these are simply a major brand that is private labeled. So I assumed they would last just as long. My TV remote came with a Sony battery, it lasted a year. I replaced it with one of these and it only lasted 5 months.
They don't last. USed in electronics (like computer mice, computer keyboards) Energizer or Duracell last easily 3x longer. Not worth the savings. If its going in some kids game or infrequent use (where the battery would be dead later anyways) ok.
They don't seem to last that long as the ones you can get off the store. I bought them because I thought they were cheaper but Sam's club sells them cheaper and they last much longer.Update 1/10/2017Not only do they not last long but the new batteries that say are good till 11/2018 are pretty much dead without any use.Highly disappointed in amazon for this.
It's a great price but the batteries do not last long at all!
The tips seem to be polished so much that they do not make good contact. I had a problem where these batteries wouldn't work at all, but the duracell ones that I took out would. After swapping back and forth a few times, I took them to my battery tester and found that I had to twist them around to get them to register. So I took my batteries to some sand paper to get the contact point to work.
They don't really last that long.. I had them in my mouse I blew through them really quickly. I wouldn't buy them again.
They don't seem to work except in very low energy items. Can't get them to work in my remotes or in a motion sensor light, but it works on a smaller switch activated night light. :-( oh well
Mine don't appear to have a charge. I bought them for a plant watering system that takes AAA batteries. I tried three sets of these AAA batteries in the plant watering system, which works fine currently with rechargeable batteries. They alkaline performance batteries don't work.I was hoping to get longer battery life from these performance batteries but they don't work at all.
They don't work. Still to regular brands.
These batteries die almost as fast as Harbor Freight free batteries. I expected top quality and got bottom quality.
I tried these thinking they were much less expensive than the brand name batteries and they would likely last a similar amount of time. I was wrong. I primarily use these in remote controls. While I don't have specific test results, the Duracell batteries would last well over a year in my Dish Remote. I purchased these in February and have already replaced the batteries twice. Perhaps I ended up with a bad batch, but I won't be trying these again.
The longevity of these batteries is nothing special. They do not compare to Duracell or Energizer alkalines. After reading the reviews, I was greatly disappointed. I used them, among others, for a wall clock and remote controller. Their longevity is no better than alkaline batteries marketed and sold by Walgreen's for example. Take this into consideration before you buy them.
We tried these batteries out but they're trash. They lasted only 2-3 weeks in our tivo remotes which is amazing as we don't watch that much tv.
They lasted really little.. (some of them) I use all batteries for same led lamps and 2 out of 4 Drained the Battery Quickly.
These batteries leak. What more is there to say They are the worst. Do not buy these.
DO NOT BUY THEM.I got them because it said they were anti leakage. Well guess what.they leaked!!, completely destroyed my keyboard and I cant even open it up to get the batteries out. A waste of money and will also cost me a whooping 100 for a new keyboard and I cant use my desktop until I get a new keyboard.
These are okay. I use them mostly in my Xbox controller, they runout pretty quick. They are fine but I am looking into getting a rechargeable battery pack for it because I hate having my controller die mid game.
This is my second time purchasing these Amazon AA batteries, the first purchase the batteries were great. I'm currently using them in LED lights for decoration and the first set I purchased would last burning 8 hours per day for a couple of weeks, however these new performance batteries noticeably dim after 3 or 4 days of burning.
they work
They work and they're cheap, but Duracell lasts longer.
I almost reviewed these right when I got them, which was around October 6, 2015. It is now November 9th - just put 12 of these in four separate Hallmark Christmas figurines that each operate on three AAA batteries. Two stopped working within an hour and when I put new batteries in them, they worked fine - I think these just don't last and are not the best batteries. Just fyi. I am going to order some separate AAA batteries as I don't think these are great quality.
They're AAA batteries
They're the same size as the batteries they replaced. Who knows if they last longer, have more power than others until they go dead Who remembers to come back and post that these batteries worked for one day more or less than the last set you had They're batteries, and they looked like they were cheap to me. If they melt a remote control or something, I'll try to remember to come back and letchall know.
These Amazon brand batteries don't seem to last quite as long as the top brands do. They're not bad, but they don't seem to have the long-lasting quality. For the price they're okay, but I think I'll stick with top brands in the future. We go through a lot of the AA variety batteries and even more of these. Again, not bad but...
1
A lot of batteries for the good price. But they don't last too long.
all Satisfactory
As good as any other battery
Average at best
Bargin.
Basic quality
Batteries Didn't Last Long
Batteries die extremely quick
Batteries die fast
Batteries don't last long at all.
Batteries don't last very long
Batteries seem to die quickly.
Batteries. They work.
battery drains out fast, unlike duracell
Battery's charge ran out very quickly.
Bought as a gift to go with the vibrator.
Brand names are better. These were not very long lasting. You get what you pay for.
Brought wrong size for the walkie talkies i purchased..but can find use for them
Came as expected. Haven't tested life expectancy yet
Can not tell the difference between these batteries and the name brands
Cheap and convenient.
Decent batteries but do not seem to last that long in electronics
Definitely are inexpensive, but we seem to go through them very, very fast. So... not sure.
Did not last
Didn't last as long as I would have liked
Does not have same charge as top brands. Caveat emptor.
Does not last long
does not last too long
Does not seem to last as long as other batteries in low drain appliances/toys.
Does not work cery well in Apple wireless mouse
Doesn't hold the strength of Duracell, etc.
doesn't last as long as say duracel.
Doesn't last long at all
Doesn't really last long.
Don't last as long as Duracells.
don't last as long as the brand name
Don't last very long.
don't seem to last as long as other brands.
Find these batteries have to be replaced more frequently than other bands when used in the same application/device.
fine
GOOD AS BRAND NAME
Good competition for the big boys.
Good deal for outdoor solar lights.
Good price
good price and they are as good as the major brands
GOOD USE
Goog
Have not had the opportunity ti critique
Haven't use the batteries at this time and expect 5 star performance.
Haven't Used Yet........
I didn't feel like they lasted as long as other batteries
I don't feel Amazon brand batteries are as powerful as other brands.
I don't feel like they last as long as the name brand batteries.
I feel like we change the batteries more often with these.
I have not fully tested these AA batteries so I don't have them evaluated.
I haven,t had them long enough
I like how i got so many itd months later and i still got a pack left!!
i meant to order AA and not AAA.I shall reorder
I think it was recargable
I wouldnt say they are worse or better then name brand batteries. about the same
I'll be paying extra for energizers they last longer.
I'm super charged over the price of these batteries!!!!
Inexpensive but doesn't last long.
It is ok
It's a battery...
its okay
Just normal batteries a little higher priced than I could get elsewhere
Lasted half the time as duracell in the same product
Lots of batteries. Not a lot of battery life.
love it
lower value as they last about one hour but good for a flash light
Made in the USA would make this a 5 star
maybe it's just me... but they don't seem to last very long
Meh, they work, wud gladly pay more for USA made tho!
Needed them in a hurry - don't last that long.
Not as strong and not lasting long enough as the major brands.
Not bad i guess
not crazy about these batteries. don't last as long as others for same time period
not dead
Not sure. have not fully tested the performance of this item.
not the longest lasting batteries. but they're batteries... we've gone through the package really quickly.
Nothing special, just alkaline disposable AA batteries at fair price.
ok
Ok
OK for AAA needs
okay
Okay, but do not last long.
Only reason is I meant to get AAA not AA :(
poor quality short life cannot recharge
Put in my mouse for just 3 days. Power is off again.
Runs out fast
Runs out of power fast.
Seems as good as Duracell but can't really tell.
Seems like it doesn't last as long as other battery brands.
seems to not last very long, curious.
Seems to work well
served there purpose during christmas. not the longest life
So far they have worked well. I do not know how to compare them on quality yet.
Some don't last as long as I hoped.
Some work, some don't.
The don't last as long as I'd hoped.
The sound quality could be better. It's cute though...
There ok.
these are not comparable to Duracell, but it's cheap
These batteries discharge fairly quickly. But okay for the price
These batteries don't seem to last as long as others. I would not call them performance, just cheap.
These batteries have a tendency to leak inside of devices and cause damage rendering them in operable
These batteries just don't seem to last as long as Everready batteries.
These didn't last very long.
These do not last very long at all.
These don't work for any decent amount of time! Stick with the name brand
they ARE BATTERIES get real
They die pretty quickly.
they DO NOT last as long as Duracell or Energizer.
They do not last as long as other batteries. :( Not very impressed...
They don't have as much juice as other name brand batteries but they will get the job done.
THEY DON'T LAST AS LONG AS EVEREADY OR DURACEL.
They don't last long.
They don't last very long.
They don't really last to long. But for the price....
They dont last long but they are cheap
They have a short shelf life
they have to b changed alot but it good for remotes or clocks low power products
They last less than your average alkaline batteries.
They ran out of energy very quick but it's a deal
They run out of juice fast.
They seem to die faster than most batteries.
They work a bit better compared to big chain generic batteries
They're batteries
They're batteries.
They're batteries. They work.
They're just batteries like advertised
This is OK purchased as battery does not last long with cost paid.
Use them on my outdoor solar lights. They lasted 2 weeks and they stopped working.
Very poor batteries. I ordered a box and so far about 50 are either bad out of the box or very soon after.
Very weak batteries.
Was kind of disappointed they are made in China when US-sourced batteries are readily available.
we'll see how they hold up
Weird but some didn't last long as they should
Worked great.
Works
Works for what we needed.
works like any another.
Decent batteries, though they don't last like the big name brands.
Junk - after trying 10 batteries one worked!
Hardly last as long as a stick match. Total waste of money.
Tried this out. Loved the box. The package of individuals of 4 each is nice but not convenient at times. We tried these on a high drain police radio and a low drain Samsung personal radio.STICKING WITH MAXELL. They out perform these and its noticeable for about 3 more. Better value.
Got them today. Came in twelve 4-packs stacked neatly in a compact cardboard box.HOWEVER,Two of the batteries were leaking so I threw away an entire 4-pack since all 4 batteries were a little slimy...but two were definitely leaking from the bottom. Makes me nervous that I had to use these in my three 120/ea. trail cams.The only reason I gave this a 2 star rating is the price for 44 batteries (instead of 48) was still a pretty good deal.
2 of my candles stop working after 2 weeks!!
2 way radio drained batteries daily so too expensive
A Great Price but not a great battery. They just don't last as long as the brand names.
About half of the batteries won't recharge, so I threw them away
Adequate
Bad shelf life. No where near Duracell. For very light duty only.
Batteries didn't last a year. Last several batteries were dead.
Battery Life on these is short. Disappointing.
Battiers dont last very long
can only use my wireless xbox controller for a few hours with two of these
Charge doesnt last
Died too fast sorry rather stay with the batteries sold in stores
Dies fast
Do not last long.
Do not last very long at all.
Does not last compared to name brands
Don't suite my purpose.
Dont seem to last very long
Drain quick
Drains way too quickly
Found they didn't last as long as regular alkaline batteries....would not buy again
Go with a brand name.
Good price but didn't last to long
Half of the batteries were just dead
Half the batteries were dead or low charged out of the box.
I feel like they barely stayed charged.
I just dont trust em
I meant to purchase AA not triple
i use this batteries for my sound recorder and they exhaust way too quickly.
I was disappointed, they do not last but a few days.
I went through these like water - stick with Duracell or Energizer.
I'm feeling like these are running out of performance faster than other batteries I've purchased.
I'm not particularly happy four of them have already had to be replaced they don't last very long
It doesn't seem as though these have a lot of juice. They haven't lasted very long.
Lots of the batteries didn't work. Maybe just my experience.
More then half don't work
Nice cheap battery. Will not last as long as a regular brand battery. You can even feel the difference
Not fresh. Run down fast.
Not great for remote control car.
Only lasts half as long as the Rayovacs i usually purchase.......
Only slightly cheaper than name-brand and far less than half the capacity.
Poor longevity.
product ok
Seems like these don't last long at all
Several batteries don't work.
Some batteries didn't work
some battery is dead when I just use it, sometimes need change a lot of new battery
started leaking shortly after reciept
Stay away from this brand. Doesn't last long.
Strings are not as long as described.
The batteries came vacuum-sealed in packs of 4 in this really heavy/annoying plastic.
The batteries do not last nearly as long as other brands.
The package was delivered with only 40 batteries missing 8 batteries although it was perfectly closed and sealed
These batteries did not work in all items needing AAA batteries. I won't be ordering them again.
These batteries do not last very long at all.
These batteries don't seem to last as long as other brands.
These batteries maybe inexpensive but they don't last long. I have to replace them frequently.
These die a lot quicker than typical energizer and duracell batteries
These die really quick.
These don't seem to last as expected
These don't work very well
These have not lastedn very long just a couple of months in wall clocks.
They did last that long.
They do not last
They do not last very long.
they don't last
they don't last very long
They dont really last long
they need to be change to offen
They run out of power very quickly.
they seem to wear out really fast
They were cheap yes, and it shows. They don't last long at all. You get what you pay for...
THIS DIES SO EASILY
Very poor quality. Lasted on one week in motion sensor that is used infrequently.
Very short lifespan.
After several months of use the batteries have proven unreliable for production use in microphones. Duracell and Energizer are much more dependable have a reliable run-down pattern.However they work fine for in-home toys and games where you want cheap batteries on the shelf for instant replacement.
untrustworthy...dies really quick and doesn't keep the delivery date.
Do NOT waste your money on these. I bought a box of 48 in November of 2015. It is now March of 2016, and we've used about a third of them. The rest are all dead already. 10-year shelf life!!! ... nowhere close.
DO not buy this product I've received this product to replace batteries in remote-control candles all three candles did not work I was ready to discard the candles when I decided to try different batteries. As soon as I put the different batteries from another company the candles worked fine. Tried to find a place to write to the seller but couldn't so apparently I'm just stuck for the price of the batteries which are useless!!!!!
I would give it zero stars if possible. Every single battery came dead. Every. Single. One. Completely useless and a waste of time to try and fight for a refund. Usually I have great faith in AmazonBasics, but now I'm not so sure.
I hoped that an Amazon-branded product would have decent quality, but these batteries are just terrible. Their charge will last for about 1/10 of the usual top brands. Very disappointed. I'm never buying an Amazon battery again.
I was super bummed about these! I purchased them exactly 3 months ago today. I only used 8 batteries when they arrived, and they have all started to die this week already. When I went to replace them, none of the unopened ones work! So to recap... they did not last long, and only 8 of them were even usable. Very disappointed as we are big Amazon users.
My Mother in Law owns a home decor store with a lot of battery operated things like clocks, etc. We ordered these for her and she spent hours putting them in things all around the store. Once they were on they only lasted about 30 minutes. She then had to go back and take them all out and go out and buy different batteries. Really disappointing and a huge hassle for her. Have never had batteries last such a short time. We were very unhappy.
Not sure why they won't recharge correctly. Second time this happened with Amazon. Going back to a brand name.
The batteries I got have very little charge left in them. 2 batteries only lasted 2 days in my Wii remote, whereas other batteries lasted weeks. V
All 20 of the batteries are dead (no power). Very disappointed to receive a product with Amazon's name on it that is useless, especially as a Prime member.
Very disappointed with these batteries. I was using them in a wall clock. The clock repeatedly did not work after a new battery was put in. I figured the clock was no good, since the batteries were new. Bought a new clock, same thing happened. Decided to test the batteries prior to installation. I found that of the twenty batteries I tested, only 2 tested good. So therefore, my first clock probably wasn't bad in the first place, the batteries are faulty. I still have 12 batteries left to test, but I not hopeful that these will be any better.
Many of these batteries are not working at all. Very disappointed.
I have several Amazon basics products and always tell my friends how much I love them. after purchasing Amazon basics AA batteries and AAA size, I was very disappointed. every single battery lasts a day or two on a power toothbrush, an xbox wireless controller, a roku remote and other daily gadgets. I am extremely surprised, since I buy batterie brands like rite aid, acme, Walmart, etc.
These might be ok for remote controls and wall clocks that don't take much power. But don't expect to use them in you digital camera. The low battery warning comes on the instant I turned on my Canon 120IS point and shoot camera with afresh pair of these batteries. Within about 2 minutes the camera dies and won't restart without another fresh set of batteries.
First eight batteries I tried barely had a charge at all! Don't wast your money.
Very Poor battery life... Did not even last 30 minutes in my device where I've had top notch Energizer batteries that lasted weeks if not months!!!These just do not compare to top of the line batteries. Maybe good for a TV remote, but that's about it.
Don't last long at all. I've had better luck with cheaper batteries than I've had with these. Duracell batteries in the same equipment with same usage lasted 4 times longer than these Amazon AA Batteries did.
These batteries lasted barely 2 weeks in a low drain device. They actually performed worse than dollar store batteries! I can't believe there are so many positive reviews... maybe I got a bad batch. Luckily Amazon is really good about giving refunds, so this is more a warning about not wasting your time on these.
Lot's of claims in the description and lots of good reviews here, so I don't know what went wrong, but it appears these batteries really stink.In a TV remote, a pair of these batteries lasted 2 weeks. The name-brand batteries they replaced had lasted several months.In an LED flashlight, a pair of these batteries lasted exactly 2 uses before the light got dim and 3 uses before the batteries were totally dead. I'm talking about, like, less than 10 minutes of cumulative use. The previous batteries had lasted dozens of uses probably at least 3 hours of on-time.I don't know if I got a bad batch (a BIG bad batch of 48), or if I was just tricked into having the wrong expectations. Either way, back to name-brand batteries for me.
Very short life. I was really expecting a decent battery, but unfortunately it wasn't.
Horrible. Amazon batteries are the WORST!! I have a battery operated little decorative light string. 2 Duracell batteries will light those things for weeks. 2 amazon batteries last about (and I'm not kidding) maybe 4 hours. Complete waist of money. Dollar store batteries are better. Do NOT purchase these
Four in the batch leaked and caused a mess in my charger and device. I threw out the remaining to avoid future problems. In addition, the batteries didn't hold their charge. I presume I must have received a bad batch based on all the positive reviews.
I had to go through half of the box to find four batteries that work. Pay a little more for quality batteries that work.
Spend the money and buy a name brand. These seriously do not work at all. Such a waste of money
These batteries are ok, i've already had to replace them in my wireless keyboard, which had previously lasted 6 months on el cheapos from harbor freight.
These batteries DO NOT last. They are a waste of money.
These batteries don't last long. Waste of money.
These batteries last 5 minutes. Waste of money.
I just open several new, cello packs to use in a motorized window shade cartridge. Loaded them up, plugged the cartridge in - nothing. Took the batteries out and checked each one in a battery tester. 3 of the 12 batteries were good. I opened up several more new packages and tested them before loading them into the cartridge. One out of every five had a charge, and the ones that had a charge were not strong charges. The rest are going to battery recycling. When it comes to batteries, you get what you pay for.
These are awful. So far I've used them in my toothbrush, and have had to replace them 3 times in 6 months. I've also used them in my smoke detector and had to replace them within that 6 month period as well. Seriously I usually can go a few years without replacing batteries in a smoke detector. Waste of money.
Terrible batteriesDon't last longDon't depend on theseYou're better off buying batteries at the dollar store then here
Stopped working after 6 months. Had to throw them away. What a waste.
Have tried these in various battery powered devices and they fail very quickly. I won't use them any more as I don't like having to dispose of dead batteries
They perform well and the price is fine, but it's not entirely clear when it automatically switches you to AA size when you choose the larger quantity. Amazon snuck in a box of AA on me that way when I was expecting these AAA. Bad, Amazon. Bad.
We buy a lot of batteries and was hoping we had a way to get them to us. Theseas as long as the dollar store batteries. Some items 2 weeks, others 1. I will not buy again.
we have had nothing but trouble with these batteries. i have installed them in multiple products and they are barely lasting any time at all. we will not be buying these again. maybe amazon can provide us with a new batch as maybe we just got unlucky with ours.
Not a very good battery. They drain really fast. I use them in my Roku remote. I plug my headphones into the remote for wireless listening, so I'm not sure if that is a factor. But I've used several different batteries in the remote and none of them drained nearly as quick as these did. I'm talking a week and they are dead. I would not recommend them.
They're not strong enough to power my kids' toys... so far they only work with tv remotes. :(
I use these for my wireless mouse on my laptop. Not heavy use at all. But I am replacing these batteries at least once a week. I have to carry extra batteries with me, and I've never done that before. I used to go MONTHS with name brand batteries, so it's a dramatic difference. I'll use these up but I won't buy them again.That being said, this is the worst Amazon Basics product that I have bought. Everything else has been outstanding, so I'm really surprised at how bad these are.I have the AAs as well, and those don't seem to have the same problem. Maybe these are just part of a bad batch
These batteries are fairly priced for their quality. Which is to say, they need replacing 4 or 5 times more often than a name brand battery.
These worked for about 8 hours and then were dead. What a waste!
I came here to look at the one and two star reviews and see that people are saying the same thing I've been thinking since trying to use my first shipment of these batteries which are supposed to be better than the previous version that they replaced. I've used 3 of these batteries so far and each one has barely lasted 2 weeks in my mouse. The previous version usually lasted a couple months at least. It seems like in this day and age it's rare that when things are supposedly improved upon that they're actually better. I can only guess that Amazon found a cheaper supplier for their branded batteries. I guess it's time to cancel my subscribe and save subscription since I'm not the only one who finds these batteries to be subpar to their predecessors. If the rest of the batteries in this pack perform better I'll update my review to reflect that.***Edited to add on 10/12: Now that the 4th battery from this pack lasted just over 2 weeks in my mouse I will be contacting Amazon Customer Service. As I mentioned previously the older version of these batteries worked so well that I have to wonder why they changed them. I see the larger size Amazon batteries still carry the older name.
What happened to the green and silver amazon batteries Those worked great. These new ones are terrible. Very short battery life. I've been through two boxes of 48, thought maybe I just got a bad batch the first time, same results.
Very mixed bag of opinions about these batteries. My experience as that they are terrible. Amazon should never have put their name on such a poor product.
So these are cheap batteries, and you get what you pay for. However, when used in trail cameras during cold weather the performance is poor. Cheap Rayovac batteries from Menards (48AA for about 13.00) perform much better. Will not purchase again.
WTH!! Went through these extremely fast - it seems there were many DUDS filtered in with a few good batteries!! by the time I realized this, it was over thirty days, so live and learn.
not worth the money, they did not last very long, batteries would go dead, will not buy again
These batteries only last 2-3 days in my tv remote
BATTERIES have a very SHORT LIFE... WILL NOT RECOMMEND nor BUY AGAIN..
These don't last long. Won't be buying anymore, wish they had been better!
but do last longer than Duracell
do not last as long as energizer...very comparable to toys r us batteries
Cheap batteries poor performance. I put two in our Roku remote and they died within a day. Same thing happened with the TV remote.
These batteries work. They don't last as long as I'd like but they do work fine. They came in frustration free packaging that I ended up needing scissors to open because they batteries come shrink wrapped in a little box and getting the plastic off of the batteries was NOT frustration free. So, three stars because they work but aren't great. I will probably not re-order these.
Put these AA batteries in smoke detectors and they immediately start the low battery beeps. Pulled them back out going to see about returning them all - or they will goto recycling. :-(
They don't seem to be working very well - - last a day or so in the remote
I ordered a box of these AAA. When I received them none of the batteries worked in my flameless candles. I complained and Amazon sent me another box. None of those worked either So I bought some Duracell and they worked fine. I don't understand.
Over half were dead or real close to.dead and ones that did work lose power really fast. Very disappointed in Amazon on these and their aaa.
Work great in some devices but not some (like some brands of cordless mouse). Still, a good value for many uses.
ok for the price
I loved these batteries until 2 nights ago when one exploded in my camera flash. Not worth saving money on batteries when I now have to replace a 400 professional Nikon Flash. Battery acid leaked out of my flash door and all over my Nikon D600 camera and then on my hands before I realized what the loud,pop sound was.
Update 6/16/17: Purchased product again and they are working in the devices that they did not work in prior. Also, I believe the batteries are lasting longer than the batteries I purchased prior (maybe fresher... )When they work, they work great. I have a number of 'devices' that for whatever reason, they do not power up with these batteries. I can replace with a non AmazonBasics battery and it starts working. I do not see any difference in length, circumference,etc so not sure what is going on. With that said, they work great in this devices where there is not a compatibility problem.
Worst batteries ever. I bought these and put them in the drawer till needed. I have thrown out every single one trying to find 3 that work.
WORST BATTERIES EVER TRIED. VERY POOR battery life compared to major name brand alkaline
I don't even want to give this a star, worst batteries ever, lasted 15 minutes top. Do not buy
Shortest life batteries ever, waste of money
Worst batteries ever. After m Duracell's in my wireless alarm keypad died after over a year I thought I would try these Amazon batteries. These batteries DO NOT last a week before they die and I have to replace them. Spend the extra money and buy the Duracell's they will same you money in the long run.
These are cheap batteries. To make matters worse, Amazon sends old DEAD batteries mixed in with newer ones and ship them off to you. At least half of our last (and final) package had dead batteries and worked for maybe a day. Amazon wouldn't return our money for them. WASTE OF TIME.
Worst batteries I ever bought. Less than one hour after installing in remote, popup on tv said remote battery low. Left them in and got about four hours more use before it wouldn't turn on the receiver. The AA's I bought seem to be fine. Not sure why the AAA's didn't last. Put 4 new ones in the remote ... we'll see how these do. The second set of four were no better than the first. Low battery warning after a few hours use (surfing dish tv program guide). All showed just over 1.5 volts before installation. Checked again when first low battery warning came up. Down to .8 volts. Guess I got an old, bad batch. Nothing but Duracell from here on out. Would not recommend these batteries !
These are by far the WORST batteries I have ever purchased. I have previously purchased bulk batteries from other vendors. When I ran out of the previous batteries I thought would order more. When I saw that these were branded by Amazon I thought I could not lose...WRONG! As an example, when I put these batteries in a thermostat they are dead within a few days. I normally put batteries in this thermostat once a year...not every few days. 2nd Example: I put the batteries in a bluetooth mouse (normally batteries last a few months) and they are dead within a week.I don't know if I have a bad batch or what but they are TERRIBLE. Take this into account before you order.
These batteries are the worst batteries I've ever purchased. I am in disbelief how quickly they died! I put them in 2 very small 4 tall portable night lights for my kids and both night lights became very dim overnight. The batteries had to be replaced after 2 nights for the night lights to even serve the purpose. I've since put these batteries in other things around the house and I am not impressed at all. I'll stick to buying batteries at Costco in the future.
What went wrong These are the worst AAA batteries I've ever purchased. Make that the worst batteries ever purchased. I've used over half of them so far and I'm getting about 25 of the life I previously got from Duracell and other brand names.
Our experience with all Amazon batteries have been bad. They dont last nearly as long as a Duracel or Energizer. I literally replaced my computer mouse battery with an Amazon AAA battery 2 days ago and its already out. We have to replace everything that has an Amazon battery constantly. Will not buy these again.
Worst batteries ever. They have a short life in every item I used them in. One example (but similar with all devices): I have a battery operated clock that needs the batteries changed every 3 years. I need to change these every three months. Will never purchase these again.
Worst product. Have to trash it out, because I was so upset. Did not serve the propose I bought it for.
I will never purchase batteries online ever again! I should have never believed that this is Unique Japanese technology that enables better performance after storage, over-discharge, and high temperatures, because frankly IT DID NOT EVEN LAST FOR TWO DAYS FOR MY DIGITAL CLOCK THAT HAS FOUR PLACEMENTS OF AAA BATTERIES. At first I believed it was a bad batch of a four pack batteries, no problem, THEN, a week and a half has passed and I had to change the batteries for my clock FIVE TIMES! I hope this review will convince you (the reader) to never purchase these batteries, I know they are not that expensive and I shouldn't make a big deal out of it, but it is frustrating to see the seller LIE MORE THAN ONCE, took their sweet a** time to deliver it to the buyer (about a month in waiting), and never sent any form of confirmation in purchasing their product. Well that's that, have a good one!
Don't last long in my remote or the bathroom toilet light, which rarely comes on but is used every night.But then again, ALL batteries don't seem to last as long as they used to. So comparatively to Duracel, they're worth the .
Great durability and long lasting at portion of price
I received AAA batteries and have reordered AA batteries as originally ordered.
Wrong size!! Just awful. Not worth money
Yep
you certainly get what you pay for....I bought these because the cost was about half of what I pay for name brand batteries. They last about 25 as long as the brand batteries. Hmmmm...paid half for something that lasts one quarter......My financial advisor is still wagging his finger at me
At first we were completely happy with the Amazon Basics line of batteries. Reasonably priced and what we thought was good quality. Well, after a couple months of use in one of our daughters toys, two out of the three batteries that were in the device burst. This is nothing I have experienced with Duracell or Energizer. Will be switching back to Duracell Procell.
These are okay. They aren't as long-lasting as name brands so in the end, I'm probably not saving money using these. That said, I like how they are packaged so they take up little space and we only have to open a 4 pack each time while still having plenty on hand. This beats the big packages of the name brands where the left over batteries end up falling out of the package and scatter in the drawer.
These batteries are good for the remote or other things that arent using constant power. Ive burned through a lot of these quickly with electronics that require energy for extended use. The jurys still out on whether its better to buy a smaller pack of higher quality batteries or this pack theyre both basically the same price.
Not the best.
You can't beat the price, but I've had some of these batteries just die on me after less than a month of use.
Sorry Amazon. You guys are great at what you do by selling your products at reasonable prices and good no hassle returns and I am a very happy customer. But I purchased a box each of your AAA, AA, and D Cell batteries. I have used the AAA's for remotes with no apparent problems so far. I have not used the D Cells yet, but the AA batteries are the worst batteries I have ever used. They don't last long in my flash lights. My son had four batteries that actually blew up inside the unit. I heard a loud pop while the unit was playing after five minutes or so. I wanted to know what happened, and looked inside the unit and the green - negative containment ring/sealer had blown out and acid was all over the inside of the unit. I had to throw the rest of these batteries in the trash because I am worried about my little ones getting acid on them. Amazon Your good name should not be on those bad batteries.
The price and packaging on these batteries is wonderful, but the use-life is not. A pair of these, fresh out of the box, did not last 30 days in my Bluetooth mouse. I have gotten better results with rechargeables, and that is saying something.
Packaging warning. The batteries are fine but the batteries themselves come pre-wrapped in groups of four! Every time you need more than four or if you're just going to split up some sets, you have to open a new group of four, and they come wrapped in that horribly annoying cellophane like substance that is hard to remove it must be terrible for the environment.
Everyone read the 1 star reviews..the 5 star reviews must be people reviewing immediately. The 10 year promise is crap. I have 48 AA and 36 AAA batteries that are all dead after 1 year. The Dollar Tree batteries are better. Pay the extra money and don't fall for Amazons broken promises or guarantees.
My initial impression of this was very good. The material is nicer than the shiny stuff on my Hama CD binders and the netting trim gives a nice appearance compared to plain look of most budget CD binders.There are 50 pages with 8 disc pockets each (4 per side) giving a total of 400 capacity. The pages are hung from the spine in two groups of 25. By that I mean that 25 pages all have a single attachment point to the plastic spine.This is where the first problem with this binder lies. Because each group of 25 pages shares the same anchor point in the spine, the pages cannot sit flat once full of discs. They bend and arch, and apart from looking tatty this puts a lot of tension across the plastic film. With long-term usage I suspect this plastic film will will tear due to the tension. It also makes it awkward to browse the binder as the pages don't sit flat. It may even crack or bend your discs.I look to my Hama 120 binder to see how it *should* be done - it only has 30 pages and yet they were smart enough to hang them from the spine in 3 bundles of 10. This spreads out the pages and allows easy browsing of the binder without putting any of the pockets under tension.After just 2 weeks in storage I opened the binder and the corners of all the pages have become dog-eared by themselves. This is due to the poor design and poor fit of the binder pages when filled with discs. Again, it is not a problem I have seen with my other disc binders, my two-year-old Hama binders look as good as new.Overally this binder has a lot of storage at a good price. If that's all you want you will probably be happy with the product. But sloppy design prevents it from being anything more than a mediocre binder. I feel that whoever designed this did not bother to fill it with discs to see how it would cope.
Doesn't seem to last as long in some devices as other brands but good for the cost.
The battery life is much poorer compared to name brands like energizer and Duracell.
These don't last as long as name brand of batteries like Duracell or energizer. They are cheaper but I'd rather pay a little bit more and have them last a lot longer.
I find these batteries fail in a short time on items like wireless thermometers and wall clocks. On an average changing is required within a month. I would not purchase these again.
3 of them exploted and damage my charger that I bought here what is going to happen with my charger not satisfied with the batteries
These batteries are horrible. We depend on AA batteries for many wireless microphone and have found that brand-name batteries last about a month per our usage. We switched to Amazon basics to try it out when a subscription for our preferred brand was no longer available and have found that, under the same usage, these batteries last about a week. That's a 1/4 capacity.
Sorry to say I've been disappointed with these. They didn't last as long in my remotes and RC transmitters as even other store brand alkaline batteries.
a good stock pile of batteries for a decent price. do not last as long as the 'name brands' but for the money, they are ok
These don't last long at all.
These batteries are ok for the price. They don't last very long in a device compared to other brand name batteries. There is a difference! I wouldn't buy them again.
WORST batteries EVER. I thought there would be no appreciable difference between these and Duracell. I was wrong. Mouse was VERY sluggish and would sometimes stop working with these batteries. Replacing them with another set of these batteries did not help. My husband thought the computer had a virus. Problem SOLVED with Duracell. I will not be purchasing these batteries again. Amazon FAIL.
Approximately half of the batteries I've tried so far are dead. Low expectations for the remainder of the lot, and never buy these again.
As expected from Amazon, there were no problems with the ordering and delivery process. So far I have installed several batteries, but it's too soon to tell how long they are going to last.
These were OK. I don't think I'll but them in the future. I prefer Energizers.
I am disappointed in length of battery life.
Died after 5 uses in my coffee frother wand. Won't buy again.
They for really fast
These are bad batteries with very short life. I returned my first order assuming that I got a bad batch (despite the expiration date years away). Started using the replacement order in late May and already have to replace the batteries.I love Amazon Basics products and Amazon service but this product is a big dud. This is the first negative review I've ever written about a product on Amazon.
Wrong item.
These batteries are bad. In any device the last only a very short time.
Many of the batteries are no good.
Wish I didn't buy these. Amazon does a lot of things well but batteries No. Not so much. These do not work for more than a moment. Lay the extra for name brand.
It states that the batteries last a while. But I use them for my TV remotes. And I ended up buying Energizer a few days later. They do not last. I changed batteries twice the day I got them in mail.The triple A were no better.
Terrible. Just changed the batteries on my wireless keyboard... yesterday. Already dead. Put another set in low powered christmas lights. Dead in about an hour. (I have another identical christmas light set, powered by Energizer batteries. Still going after many many days of running).Unfortunately bought the 48 pack. Won't make this mistake again.
I used these batteries in one of my game cameras, but the life of theAmazon Basic battery did not last as long compared to name brand batteries. I really don't believe they are worth the savings when the Basics probably didn't take half the pictures in the game camera as Duracell. I will use these batteries in remote and my kids toys.
Didn't seem to last as long as the standard USA name brands
Batteries are larger than normal and do not fit my audio gear or guitars... if you need these for sound or audio I'd pass...
Batteries are very good, but packaging is horrendous, which is surprising because usually Amazon does a great job with hassle free packaging, but every four bats are packaged in tough plastic. Would have been better to just place the lot of bats in a simple box without the individual plastic wrap. Will not buy again with this packaging.
These do not last at all. I have a very mini desk fan that takes 4 AA and they need to be changed every other day.
These batteries die very fast. These are used in a remote and I have replaced them 4 times within a year. The previous batteries lasted 3 years.
Somewhat disappointed with these batteries. They die rather quickly. I'm not using them for things that use a lot of power either. Like the remote for my TV. I have to change them frequently. Expiration date of 2026, but they go fast, unless I got a bad batch. I would rate them down there with cheap Rav-o-vac or a grocery store brand.
This batteries have been disappointing. Use them for holiday decorations and some of the items that used to go for weeks are not requiring batteries every couple of days.
Extremely short shelf-life and usage life would never buy Amazon batteries again
2 out of the 8 batteries popped while on the charger. I got battery acid all over my hands trying to get them out and cleaned up.
These are nicely packaged and initially I was impressed - I didn't have to go to the store to buy batteries, they were cheaper than alternatives, and the packaging was great. I opened the first set of 4 AAA batteries and sadly found out one was already dead. We also ordered AmazonBasics AA batteries and had the same problem. 1/4 were dead. I hope this isn't a pattern for the rest of the box.
Everything was fine except a few of the batteries brand new out of the pack I purchased a couple weeks prior were corroded with battery acid seeping out.
Batteries did not last anywhere near the length of the Duracell that we purchased. Did a side by side test and the Amazon batteries were down to 50 to where the Duracell batteries were still at 99. Will do some more testing to make sure the test were equal. We bought two new trail cameras and we put one set of Amazon's batteries in one camera and one set of the duracell batteries in the other. We will now switch the batteries in the cameras for the same time frame and see what the end result is.
Some of the unused batteries stored in AC room show signs of deterioration within six months of purchase. Poor battery performance
Had my first battery leak from the package. Installed batteries in November 2016 in house thermostat, so a fairly important device. Not sure when the leak began, but was discovered today (1/13/2017 - little more than two months later) after the furnace was running non-stop and house temperatures reached over 80 F. Checked the batteries and found one had leaked all over the contacts and battery holder in the thermostat.
Gave these batteries a shot, because we've had great luck with AmazonBasics products. I just purchased the AAA and AA AmazonBasics batteries. These batteries do not last. I have a flashlight that uses 4 AAA batteries, and have gone through 8 batteries in a one week span. These die very quickly. I have had a similar experience with the AA batteries on a wireless Mac keyboard. Would not recommend these batteries.
they wear out to quickly. won't buy again. better off buying Duracell.
Low quality batteries - they die after using a few times. Better to go with big brand name
I have encountered several AmazonBasics batteries lately which were dead on arrival. Since they are cheap, I just throw them in the trash and try some more. However this is concerning. If this occurs much more I will stop using them and purchase more traditional, reliable brands. Simply beware when you purchase these, some bad ones may be mixed in the batch.
I just went to use these for the first time... and they exploded in the remote I put them in! Literally, a loud pop and a black liquid was leaking out into my remote and all over my hands. Needless to say, it scared me to death!
bought these batteries because the duracell batteries tend to leak, but these batteries i had to replace in five light sets that the duracellslast months these lasted a week. The duracells leak but only if you leave them dormant in the fixture.
Bought these for my sisters day care. She said half of them did not work at all, were dead when received
I've had my Thea for three months so far and it is amazing except for some recent issues. The problem is now it's breaking (after only three months) and I have no clue why. It won't charge anymore and it isn't vibrating on full power. I'm hoping that Nymph will send me a replacement considering the lifetime guarantee. I'm kind of upset at how fast it broke though, despite how good of a condition I tried to keep it in.
The batteries are sligtly bigger and will not fit in some electronics I thought AA was the standard size Nope, I was wrong, but the good news is I now am the proud owner of 48 slightly oversized batteries that do not fit in most of my battery operated devices. Perfect! Out of 9400 reviews nobody noticed the size issue with these
I use them for Xbox one controllers, 2 batteries last maybe 2 weeks in my controller, but you get a good amount in the box. Might just look into rechargeable batteries. Tv remotes last longer obviously. 48 batteries for 12 was an easy sell though for me
I don't know how these batteries got such great reviews. They don't last nearly as long as the brand name batteries. Don't buy these unless you want to change batteries in your kids' toys and remote controls all the time. I'm super loyal to Amazon...but not with this product.
These are low powered, don't last long even in tv remite you arelucky to get a week out of them. Energizer s last a year usually. Don't wasteyour money.
Not good. Don't last a week.
I find they do not last as long as Energizer or Duracell.
I've usually had very good experiences buying AmazonBasics branded items. I've found them to very comparable to the top brand names. These batteries are the exception. Quality wise, they are more comparable to Rayovac batteries than Duracell or Energizer.
I can only think of one way to describe this item...JUNK!!!
Only 3 worked out of the entire pack.
Well this is my second order of batteries thru Amazon and both the energizer and these are not as good as the ones from the store
Batteries die quicker than Dollar store batteries. Used these batteries on various products -toothbrush, computer mouse, camera flash, etc. Batteries at best lasted half as much compared to Energizer and Duracell. Would not recommend!
These batteries did not do the job for us. They were low powered and did not last as long as their competition.I thought all AA batteries were the same but after our experience with these I have to say that you get what you pay for.I am not sure how or why they are different than other batteries, lower voltage less capacitanceThey are cheap - do not buy them.
cheap battery power but they don't last well
They're cheap but we went through these in less than half the time of the previous pack of the same, which was Duracell. I was hoping the brand wouldn't matter but it seems that in this case, it does.
These batteries leak easily and I found them hard to insert into a toy that required AAA. Did not have this problem when I switched them with brand name batteries.
While most, modern day batteries no longer contain mercury, the Amazon basics battery line unfortunately does. Which means they're bad for the environment, and not able to be disposed of other than in appropriate hazardous waste. I'll spend the extra few dollars and buy a name brand
Battery drains quite quickly when left inside several other products I had when unused. Not sure if its cheaper than the store, but the quality is not as good as Duracell if I remember correctly. Other than that, getting it as an add on item is great because it allows me to use my products right when I get them without having to worry about making a quick trip to the store
Not really the greatest
These batteries are crap. Last a few days in xbox controller. Energizer lasts months. Don't waste your money.
These are the worst batteries i have ever bought. Two days in my remote for tv and replaced and 2 days later,dead. Im very dissappointed with you Amazon for selling this to me.
Just put them in 3 days ago and already dead. Going with the name brand next time.
These batteries die quickly!
These are the worst batteries I have ever come across. I just discovered today that mostof the batteries I was sent were dead. I put 8 batteries into a device 3 weeks ago and the batteries were already dead (energizers lasted a year and a half in the same device) I put 4 others into another device and they lasted only 1 month (energizers lasted 2 years in this device). Both devices were operated under the same conditions. I tried putting new Amazon batteries into the devices, and the devices didn't work I tried putting another set in, same problem. I then placed Energizer batteries into the devices, and they work. I essentially bought 12 working batteries that lasted less than a month in devices that used them in such a manner they would last 12x as long. Never purchasing Amazon batteries again. I would return them for being dead, but I am outside the 30 day return window.
Two of the batteries were already dead. The rest work fine.
They die pretty quick in certain items. But decent price. Nice packaging though. I'd probably buy again just for remotes smaller items.
Defective and cheap. Only a third held any charge and those died super fast.
We must have gotten a defective lot, because these have caused every fire alarm in the house to sound within days of installing these batteries. Too late to return. So much for 10 year shelf life.
I put two of these batteries in my wireless mouse and in less than two hours use, they had burned up. The mouse quit working and I went to check the batteries and they literally burned my fingers trying to get them out. I will throw the rest of them away and NEVER buy these again.I know I'll never get my money back. I'll just write it off as a lesson learned.
These batteries wore out much too quickly. I almost replaced the weather station after it went through 2 sets of batteries in about 1 month. Luckily, something else with the same kind of batteries burned out the same day and I realized that the batteries were bad, not the electronics. .
DID NOT RECIEVE AA I only recieved Cbatteries!
Ordered on accident when I had searched for RECHARGEABLE batteries. Not happy. I will be less free about ordering on Amazon from now on. My fault, but it made my put up my guard.
I have no idea why these batteries are reviewed so well. I used them in a small LED keyboard light for my computer, and I had to change them weekly. Sure you get more batteries for less money, but in total I think you'd be better off buying a quality brand.
died quick
these suck! They run out in literally just a few days. I have used several sets of these for my AC thermostat which is battery powered and the thermostat died every few days when using amazon brand batteries. using Duracell or energizer - they last for at least a few mos. I will never buy amazon batteries again. You get what you pay for.
these batteries died very quickly when compared to energizer or Duracell. Spend a little more and get a lot more battery life.
the last time i had batteries go dead so soon were the ones i purchased at harbor freight.. i had to change the batteries in a comcast remote every 2 weels and in my digital camera , without the flash after 20 shots..
Cheap price but they sure don't last very long. I won't buy the Amazn brand again.
Disappointed by the amount of time these batteries lasted.
Does not turn well at all. Will be returning it
Don't bother. The AA's I bought got remotes last a third as long as everready batteries.
Worked for one day, then stopped working. Can't tell if it deterred any cats because it only went off when I walked by, but didn't register the cats when they jumped on the counter.Would not recommend.
These things do not last very long either in the product they are powering or on the shelf. The ones we had on our shelf were not even good to use after 4 months of sitting.
Additional info now a couple of months later... We were very disappointed in these batteries as they did not last long at all. We put one in a regular kitchen clock and within 1 week, the time was off by 20 minutes. Put them in a different clock, same results, time was off by 10 minutes within a few days, put them in a battery op shaver, which the other brands most of the time last at least a month, these lasted about a week. Even a small weather station about a week until the time was wrong. Got the 20 pack, not sure if it was a bad batch but we do not recommend these batteries and wont buy them again. Store brands and Rayovac last much longer. Original review below, still stands as easy opening but did edit to say how disappointed we are.Amazon basics AA batteries EASY OPEN packaging is FABULOUS, no cut fingers on sharp plastic packaging and no need for scissors, opened like a dream.... GREAT IDEA!!! Haven't had them long enough to see how long lasting they are.
These batteries do not last long at all as compared to Energizer. After 4 days of use they were no good anymore. The Energizer batteries have last me two weeks so far when using for the same thing. I will be using far more batteries so it really isn't a money saver. Disappointed!
I am disappointed with this purchase. I purchased these for my Dad, delivered to him in October, 2015. I am visiting, and just opened the brand new package, and inserted 4 of them to run his blood pressure cuff. The machine worked, but the battery indicator showed low, I switched the batteries with other brand new amazon batteries - same reading. Then I switched with another set of name brand batteries, and the battery indicator showed high/full. If I was home, I would have used my battery meter. No 10 year shelf life - not even a 10 month shelf life. Amazon, I am usually one of your biggest fans, but not this time.
Medium durability. Gonna buy Duracell in future. Do you have great quality rechargeables
DOA. Had to replace with other batteries. What a disappointment. Threw them away. :(
I got a bad batch. 4 of them arrived dead. I would have sent them back but I missed my window.
I've bought a lot of AmazonBasics batteries, and nearly all of them have been more than half dead on arrival. My remote controls won't even work with the brand new batteries in place. I won't be buying these again.
They are ok batteries. I use them on my remotes and have to switch out frequently.
It doesn't work with my Amazon wireless mouse
Don't Buy! I thought it was a great deal initially, but these batteries are drained SUPER QUICKLY. I have one in my wireless Logitech mouse and I have had to replace the battery 4 times since November, that is 5 batteries in 2 months that is ridiculous! I have started buying the Duracell ProCell Batteries, I am having much better results.
These straight up don't work. I have put 6 different, brand new batteries from this pack into a controller and none of them have worked. Steer clear.
These are priced nice but don't last long
Great deal price wise but don't seem to last very long at all. So really not a good deal at all. Would not buy again.
I like that these batteries are cheaper but they don't last as long as I'd like. We will continue to buy them though because of the price.
This is my 2nd time ordering them and even though they arrive very fast and nicely packaged, these batteries only last about an hour and a half on my son's toy train.
I don't know why but these things don't last long. Maybe I don't know anything about batteries and there is certain number I should be looking for to determine the life span. I ended up going through these quickly so I could probably just buy the expensive ones and get the same life rather than keeping on purchasing these.
Don't last quite as long, but DAMN, you can buy three times as many as leading batteries. For our office staff, very worth it.
I didn't expect them to be as good as duracell or energizer, but they only lasted a few weeks in my clock.
These batteries don't last half as long as the RayoVacs I usually get.
Disappointed... In my handheld Microsoft wireless game controller these last about 1 week. Duracell/Energizers last 3-4 weeks... Amazon needs to select a higher quality re-branded battery to sell as Amazon Prime. Amazon could dominate this market by simply selling, close to these prices, a 5 longer lasting battery than Duracell. DON'T PUT THESE IN ANY EMERGENCY DEVICE... like smoke detectors, emergency flashlights and radios.
These batteries are supposed to be 1.5 volts. But I opened and tried to use them as soon as I got them and had problems.I checked the batteries and they only had 1.25 volts upon delivery and of course they are non returnable.Don't waste your money on these, go ahead and pay a little more and get the popular name brands.
Won't buy again, I replaced batteries in my smoke detectors with these less than two months ago, replacing again with Duracell. The last Duracell batteries lasted almost 3 years in the same detectors. Don't waste your money on these, spend a little more for a good product.
Awful. Bought these specifically for my very small milk frother, these batteries can barely power the thing! I used whatever name brand in the frother before this and it ran full blast. But with the Amazon batteries, it gets up to like medium speed and doesn't even last 1/2 as long. Will never buy Amazon batteries again.
Very, very, very difficult to turn on and off, not sticky enough and kept falling down, complete waste of money.When I could get them on and they were sticking, the lighting effect was very nice however, the quality of the product was zero.
The original Amazon Basics in the solid silver wrapping were great. These seem to have about a half life of those. Wouldn't recommend for use.
DON'T RECHARGE THEM LIKE SERIOUSLY DON'T!!!! they work good and last but not for to long and when two of them died i decided to recharge them and it leaked all over my battery charger. my brother took a few and i had no idea he charged a few without a problem and he didn't get his stuff ruined but i did. So if I were you, don't charge them
Worst battery I have ever came across. Don't use for children's toys leaks battery acid. Had in my daughters mobile and the batteries only lasted 4 days when any other battery lasts a month and when I replaced them this morning I found they leaked battery acid all over.
Bought a, c d 9v batteries in April the AAA seemed fine but went to replace them 4 backs dead. I tried 5th pack and they worked. I will no longer be buying batteries from Amazon you can not count on them. I had d didn't work I hope 9v work. Some of these where for fire alarms not long lasting or don't workUsed c batteries they lasted 12 0f a CD Amazon batteries are horrible
I've used theses batteries in several devices now, and they always run out of juice much faster than typical AA batteries.
I've only found 2 out of the box that have lasted longer than a week!
Not very long lasting batteries....
Duracell batteries last longer than these.
Does not last as long as name brands such as Duracell and Energizer.
Their batteries
Good price but batteries don't last long compared to other brands
Went cheap...got cheap. DO NOT BUY. Went to pack for an upcoming trip and noticed brown stuff all over. I was storing the batteries in a separate case (which is now ruined). Thank goodness this wasn't in any if my expensive scuba or camera equipment. Never had other brands do this. Always store batteries outside of equipment anyways. Totally bummed. Shame on you Amazon. Get out of the battery business. I buy A LOT on Amazon... ALOT, but no more batteries.
The advertisement promises a 4 channel boat. It is not - only one channel. Consequently, kids can't play simultaneously with more than one boat (which was the reason I bought several). Simple false advertising. The main reason I bought this model over others was that it was promised with multiple channels.
These batteries are junk. Some of the new once have no more power than the once they replaced. If they are good, they ware out very quickly. I don't like to make negative reports, but these are so bad!
For some reason none of these batteries worked. Not sure what was wrong this time. I've bought them before and had no problems. Luckily amazon took it back without a problem
These are so wasteful!! Rechargeable batteries are so much better!! The Amazon rechargeable ones are awesome!! And you can use and reuse and recharge and reuse them again and again and again and AGAIN!!
They are bad batteries. Not long lasting at all
Don't last very long
Batteries seem like any other they work and seem to last
These are good if you're broke and just need to get by. They work, but like other reviewers are saying, they don't last as long as other brands or rechargeable batteries. If you have the money, invest in batteries that last longer and tax the environment less.
They're cheap for a reason - they don't last nearly as long as Energizer or Duracell's from what I've noticed.
so far they are work well, however have had them long enough to determine if how long they last compared to duracell batteries.
I had such a good experience with Amazon D batteries that I ordered some of their 2A batteries. The 2A batteries seemed much weaker out of the box. When I changed out a pair in my clock today, they had leaked and were stuck together. Making it difficult to remove them. I looked at the packaging for the new ones and noticed that they were made in Indonesia. After reading the reviews, it seems like it may be a matter of luck whether you get really good batteries for the price or really bad batteries at any price. I like to play blackjack so I will probably order one more time to see how lucky I get.
Not tested so I'm not sure of quality
These are a great price but they don't seem to last as long as you would expect. Also I have found some are already dead upon arrival.
they seem a bit hit-or-miss...had a few kinda crap out pretty quickly (way too quickly) on me when used in my young son's toys
Great value for kid's toys, but they don't have the longevity of Duracells by any stretch. Definitely worth buying if you need a lot of batteries for cheap to top off all the noisemakers and remotes in your house, but I wouldn't throw them in flashlights or other higher-drain devices.
they dont last as long as the higher end rechargeable do or the regular batts do. I would say about half the time.
They are packaged by 4s and the plastic is really hard to get off.
I ordered these mainly to use in a set of small LED flashlights. I tried the batteries in three different flashlights, but they didn't work in any of them. I double checked polarity and they were correctly installed. I tried them in a different device didn't work in that either. Amazon sent me a second set free of charge. They still didn't work in any of the flashlights but did work in a remote control and a toy. (I tried a different brand of batteries in the flashlights and they worked fine.) So it was hit and miss with these AAA batteries--2 sets of them. I've used Amazon AA with no problems.
Unfortunately, some of the batteries seem to be duds. I have replaced dead batteries with these, only to still have a dead remote. Great price, but I now know why...
Not lasting very long. I read the reviews and expected better life out of these batteries. In comparison to Duracell they seem to last about 75 as long. I find that both the AA and AAA are sub-par in longevity. Perhaps that is the way I use them but I really expected more.
absolute garbage, noteven a 1/4 of the battery of a regular energizer, dies so quick, tested, compared for months, sorry Not worth the money atany price, except maybe free.
got it because of reviews. I really can't say they are any better than any other cheaper or more expensive brand. how can you rate it or check it. when your remotes stop working you put in new batteries.simple as that.
I purchased these to try because I needed so many for my Christmas village. Withing 24 hours some of the batteries died so I turned off all of them so I could at least have them on for Christmas. I am very disappointed in them, had to go out and purchase more of the copper top ones which last weeks and weeks to keep my village lit for the holidays. I will not purchase these again.
I bought the batteries because of good reviews. I checked the voltage on several of the batteries, and they were fine. I have not had the batteries in use long enough to comment further.
The batteries work but not well or for long for anything that requires a lot of power. I bought these for flame-less candles and they are perfect for that. But when I tried to use them in a child's toy they batteries died very quickly.
I use a headlamp at work all day and everyday. I decided to try these instead of the duracells that I normally use and they definently don't last nearly as long. I don't understand all the good reviews about these. I won't purchase again.
I purchased these batteries because of the price and the backing of Amazon. I figured Amazon wouldn't put their name on a poor product. I used 12 of these batteries in an application and all 12 failed within a few days. Other batteries lasted months. For now I'll stay away from this product and fork out a few more bucks for a battery from a main stream manufacturer.
These battery only last a few months in my dish network remote controls (have 10 of them). Duracells last over a yearI will no longer purchase Amazon batteries. Disappointed
I have never had problems with the Amazon brand batteries before until this time around. I use these for battery operated candles and normally 3 AAA batteries will last in my candle a couple of weeks on a timer. I replaced the batteries 2 days ago with these batteries in 3 separate candles and all three candles do not work less than 24 hours later. Not sure if this batch was defective or not, but I won't risk spending the money and buying them again to not have them work.
Sorry Amazon, I love you, but these batteries are terrible. They don't last long at all. Reordered before I realized that they peter out in short order. They have failed in every application requiring batteries. Unfortunately, their made in Indonesia. Wasn't putting them in the China slot immediately but have no choice to do so. Applications referred to are, tooth brush, remote controls, motion lights, etc. Purchased, AAA AA with no difference in performance. I enjoyed the idea of being stocked up on quantity, but the quantity doesn't replace quality. Won't be ordering these batteries again. But will be shopping for a superior product.J.MAC
I mean..batteries They work.
I had high hopes for these and very surprised at alt he high rating. I must have received a bad batch. This is a large qty and 6-8 months after purchase, using these batteries and they are no good. I figured they just wore out since i did not use them. Very disappointed and a good 20+ are trash. Real bummer.
I purchased the AA batteries for my Nest smoke detectors. The batteries that came with the Nest lasted for a couple of years, so I expected similar performance from the Amazon AA's. In less than 2 months after my purchase, the Nest indicated that they had to be replaced again. This product is not to Amazon's expected standards. I will give it a miss.
UPDATE June 2016Batteries do not last long at all. I am using mostly for wireless mouse. 1 battery last approx. 2-3 weeks. In my humble opinion, that is terrible. I retract my previous review.PREVIOUS REVIEW:Fantastic price, wonderful reliable product. I am a tried and true believer and purchaser.
This is the first Amazon product I've purchased. I thought that batteries would be a good first try since there really can't be much difference between alkaline batteries.I am a working musician teacher. I sing with a band and use a Shure Wireless Beta 58 mic. A normal set of alkaline batteries last about 7-8 hours in my mic. The first gig I used these with was about 3 1/2 hours with the mic on and by the end of the gig the light on the mic showing battery was showing that the battery was about to die. I was just lucky that it lasted long enough for the entire gig. Usually I can get two full gigs out of an alkaline battery. Just as a comparison, I usually buy the cheapest boxes of batteries at Lowe's. Those batteries are only slightly more expensive than the Amazon Basics and last twice as long in my mic.I can't say how these batteries work in other things, but I can say that for what I use them for they are a big waste of money. I would rather use batteries that cost 15-20 more and last twice as long.
WHAT A HORRENDOUS PRODUCT. I THOUGHT THAT BEING FROM AMAZON IT WOULD BE GOOD. WRONG!!!! IT'S STILL CHINESE FIRST.LASTS NOTHING (2 WEEKS IN MY COMPUTER MOUSE). DISASTROUS DISAPPOINTMENT. FIRST TIME I AM LET DOWN BY AMAZON. PITY! I GUESS I SHOULD HAVE BEEN MORE CAREFUL AND LESS GULLIBLE.
These batteries were expired dead when they arrived at my house. I was very disappointed.
DID NOT LAST LONG
I miss the bunny with the drum.
I'm a huge fan of amazon so I figured I'd give these a shot. These have no life whatsoever. Even something as low-power as tv remotes they only last about 2 weeks tops.Spend the extra money and go with name brand.
I probably wouldn't buy these again. Each set of 4 batteries is individually shrink wrapped and very difficult to get apart. I'm sure batteries are fine if you don't mind the packaging.
Dont last long. I thought because they had the AMAZOn name they would be good, but they are no better than other generic batteries.
I like AmazonBasics products, so I was excited to see these batteries. To find out if they were a good value, I looked up data online. Bottom line:-- For flashlights, toys, and steady drain devices, you'll be better off buying Rayovac Alkalines here on Amazon.-- For cameras and photo flashes, Duracell Coppertops will be better.Here's why: Rayovacs cost a little bit more per battery, but they hold more energy than these AmazonBasics batteries. As a result, the final price per amount of power is about the same. You just won't have to change batteries as often.Those Rayovacs work best in steady drain devices, but not so well in cameras or flashes. For those high drain devices, Duracell Coppertops hold up better and end up being cheaper.Battery Ninja tested these AmazonBasics AA's in toothbrushes I did some calculations and found that these batteries offer a reasonable price per unit of power (mWh), but that they do not carry as much energy as others. The test results show that these batteries will run out faster than others, at least in the toothbrushes. There were no test results vs. digital cameras, photo flashes, or toys, so I'm extrapolating that these will perform like Rayovacs, not like Duracell Coppertops.So, the only data to compare here is the toothbrush test. For energy delivered, these AmazonBasics batteries cost about the same as Rayovac batteries but will die sooner. To say that another way, these batteries cost less, but also deliver less power.Both Rayovac and Amazon Basics are better than Energizer batteries, which appear to consistently give less power and still cost more. I guess the money goes to the Energizer Bunny.Duracell Coppertops will last longer in flashlights, toys, and toothbrushes, but cost a little bit more per unit of power (mWh). On the other hand, they hold up better in cameras and similar electronics. They're probably the best all around battery. So, if you don't like changing batteries and a willing to spend a tiny bit more, Coppertops are a good way to go.Finally, the best value battery is interesting: it is the Costco Kirkland Signature. Battery Ninja's results show that and so do the tests from Consumer Reports. You can buy those Costco batteries here on Amazon, but the price is higher than you'd get at the club. Of course, I'm not a Costco member, so it doesn't matter to me... but buying them here on Amazon is not a good value.
I mean, it's a crap ton of batteries for a decent price. They just die quickly.
You get what you pay for. They do not last very long at all. It's better to buy Duracell.
Its OK. Not much life in the batteries.
These batteries are just a tiny bit too short to work in every AAA device. Beware.
Maybe I received a defective batch but these are so bad.No longevity at all. Used up within 2 weeks whereas the branded ones last 2 months!I will not purchase them again regardless of the lower cost.
You know these are just ok. They done last as long as the Copper top batterys.
Don't seem to last as long as other batteries, you get what you pay for.
I used these to replace the batteries in my digital safe. A week or two later I needed to access something from the safe, but it wouldn't open. I was sure I was entering the right code, but the safe just beeped and didn't unlock. I didn't suspect the batteries right away because they were still almost new. But eventually I plugged in a different brand and that's all it took the get the safe to work properly again. It was a big relief, and interesting to find out that AA batteries aren't all created equal.
WHAT THE HECK! I have a SERIOUS issue with these batteries! I put them into my Amazon FireTV remote which kept draining batteries, and within a few minutes it quit working and gave up, thinking I had a bad remote. A few days later when I opened the case the batteries were had leaked all over the compartment.Just NOW, while typing on my keyboard, several of the batteries were sitting there next to my keyboard. I heard a hiss and felt a jet of air hit my right hand and I started coughing and choking on whatever the heck it was that came out of the battery.I'm throwing these away and will never trust this brand again.
Every single battery leaked battery acid after the first few charges or uses. Some while in the device it was powering and others while in the charging station. I thought perhaps it could be the charging station I was using so I purchased another brand but it didn't make a difference. I also never left the batteries in the charger once they were fully charged. This happened with the AAA batteries I purchased as well. And when I say leaked battery acid I'm talking about literal puddles of acid that would pool under the charging station or begin leaking from the device. I had to throw away a few children's toys as well as an xbox 1 controller. The skin on the tips of my fingers peeled away a few times as well from overexposure to the battery acid after having to clean so many surfaces and devices from it getting everywhere. Please don't buy this product They are completely ineffective and its simply an unsafe product. All in all purchasing these batteries cost me around 100+ in having to buy replacements for the devices they ruined.
Bought these March 2015. It's now Feb 2017 and my son said his toy lightsaber had just stopped working. Opened it up and batteries have leaked causing corrosion to contacts. No longer works, even with new batteries. It's not a very expensive toy, but the 1 most important aspect of a battery is that it not leak. What's the point of saving a few dollars on batteries if they are going to ruin something much more expensiveWith major brands, you can send in leaked batteries and device for repair or refund. Although I've never done thisThe version I bought were silver and green, so perhaps they have changed.Leaked batteries had 1.46,1.46,1.25v respectively.
A day or two after these batteries arrived, I installed several of them in toys and our small keyboard (which also has A/C power). The next morning, my son called me into the living room, Mom! There's chocolate sauce all over the 'piano' and the table. It wasn't chocolate sauce. It was battery acid. As he said, good thing I didn't taste it!For what it's worth, the keyboard was plugged in, and it had not been turned on or played since the batteries were installed. The five new batteries were in place for about 18 hours before the leak was discovered.The green seal fell off of two of the five batteries as I removed them from the compartment. The acid left a 2 stain on my table.The other batteries that I installed that day still seem to be okay, although I've developed a paranoia about checking them! I have used Amazon batteries in the past with no problems, which is why I'm giving 2 stars, instead of 1. The attached photo shows the rings that fell off. (I wish I'd taken a photo of the puddle they left on the keyboard and table, but I was too focused on clean-up to stop and take a picture.)You'll also note that these batteries are darker in color than the product image that is currently shown. They came this way, and I'll use that difference to keep an eye on their performance/durability.
I like these batteries, but a couple of times now after putting them in I have opened up the compartments to find battery acid leaking out inside, I figured it was just a one off, but it has now happened several times, I am reluctant to use them anymore in case I damage items
Pro: Relatively inexpensive, although I did end up waiting almost two weeks for delivery.Cons: High drop-out rate. They come in packs of four when used in Nikon cameras it's not uncommon to find after an hour of use that three of the cells have dropped to 1.48V while the fourth has dropped to...1.2V. They come out of the box within a hundredth of a volt of each other, so I'm guessing that either the electrochemistry is highly variable from cell to cell or there's a interesting failure mode under load.
Yes life short, that's right
I ordered these thinking they were rechargeable (I recognize the error on my part but that is not my complaint here) .. so when I received them and used them I was not surprised that they died VERY quickly. Upon attempting to recharge these I figured out they aren't rechargeable (Once again big duh on my part)..Now I'm seriously surprised that I'm only getting a few hours of use out of them!! like a quarter of the use that a typical battery should offer. Horribly disappointed.. I will go back to the name brand batteries for sure.
Good knob. Looks good. Logo faded/wore off in a few months though... logo is kinda why I bought this, so..........
Been using Amazon AA and AAA batteries over the past 6 months in a variety of electronic items and have found that they do not last as long as higher quality, higher price batteries. I guess you get what you pay for!
I am extremely disappointed with these batteries, which stems not from longevity or power, but with fit. Almost immediately upon receiving them I installed them into three electric candles. No joy. I cleaned the contacts, still no joy. I tested the batteries, full charge. Just for grins, I installed into one candle three Ray-O-Vac brand batteries, and the candle lit with no problem. Removed the Ray-O-Vacs, installed the Amazons, and again, no joy. I repeated this a couple of times with the same results. And I tried this in the other two candles with identical results: All three candles lit with the Ray-O-Vacs, none with the Amazons. Knowing the issue was not with candles, I took a Ray-O-Vac and lined it up with an Amazon, and discovered something interesting: the batteries were just a wee bit different.The length of the positive terminals are different, just a tad longer on the Ray-O-Vac (see picture). The Ray-O-Vac terminal is taller (longer) while the Amazon terminal is squat-tier and therefore shorter. The difference in length is tiny, no question: but when you're putting batteries into a rather cheap device to start with, that tiny bit of length in this case seems to be the difference between one battery forming a sufficient connection and the other one not. I'll keep the Amazons to use in devices (mice, for example) that are likely more solidly built than these candles and have a greater connection tolerance (or a stronger spring) to hold the battery firmly in place. I am concluding that when replacing batteries in an older device (that may not force as firm a connection) or in a cheapo device that may not hold batteries tightly from the get-go, use a branded-name battery.I am a longtime and extremely satisfied user of Amazon Basic computer cables (among their first products in the Basics line), but was recently disappointed with another item I purchased outside of the computer connectors and cables line (that being dog house-training piddle pads, which have not proven as absorbent as similarly-priced products, and I've bought a lot of different brands). The batteries were my second foray into Basics product lines outside of the oh-so-dependable-cables arena, and now I'm 2 for 2 in the disappointed column. I never thought there was a difference in batteries, and now I know differently. The next time I see a Duracell commercial emphasizing reliability and dependability, I'll think back to this experience, as I will when selecting batteries in the future. I so wanted to like these Amazon batteries, too.
May have been a fluke, but these lasted not even 10 minutes in two very different devices - a kid's toy and wireless mouse. Will just pay extra next time for brand name batteries.
I bought them to go into a flashlight. They never lasted more that a few hours and got really dim. maybe good for things like remote controls
Lasted one month in my carbon monoxide detector. Maybe these are good for other applications, but disappointed with their performance.
These are decent cheap batteries but they don't last as long as Eveready Or Duracell or Rayovac. they really are only good enough for remotes and the like. I don't like to use them in anything else.
Bummed. These batteries do not last long! Good for things like a clicker or something that isn't used often but we used these for Xbox one controller. With maybe 2 hours usage a day I've had to switch them out once a week.
These do not last nearly as long as a name brand battery. So considering the cost/benefit, i'm not really sure if they are any better
They don't last as long as other batteries. The Rayovacs that I get from Lowes are way better.
SAVE YOUR MONEY. Buy the name brand. I have a bathroom light that uses 3 AAA batteries. I typically get 6 months out of it with regular batteries I get roughly a week out of it with these. Sure, they are cheaper but you will buy them 4x as often. Worst Amazon purchase thus far.
Put together mobile but it refuses to turn. Kind of pointless. Next time would spend a few more dollars and get something more sturdy and reliable.
Bought these on Amazon for a good price, but they just don't seem to last very long. The packaging and batteries look nice. None of them leaked, but that could be because I went through them so fast.
I wanted solar batteries.
Batteries seem to work in some flashlights and not others. They are just okay. Other batteries that we have will work on all. Not impressed.
These batteries do not last long. I put some in a portable can opener and was able to open about 10 cans.
They were duds. I bought them before christmas so I could stick them in the toys and not one worked. I tried them on other items to make sure it wasn't the toys and not the batteries . Nope , it was all of the batteries. I only give one star for the reason I got them on time ....now I have a box of triple a batteries that don't work . so glad I caught that before christmas or I would have had disappointed children on christmas.
3/4 of the package have been duds. Lasted about 15 minutes. Now I get to go to the trouble to return them. When you shop with Amazon, it's to save time. This defeats that purpose.
There ok, not as good as I would of liked for what I need them for. I would purchase again.Fast , good delivery.
I bought 20 and I used 9 in three Motorola Walkabouts radios.One the second use, after only two hours use on first, a battery failed. I was shocked at this. It made my Walkabout useless for the child-safety reason I bought it.Noqw I cannot trust the rest and I will use then in unimportant places like toys.
Run out of juice faster than Duracell or Energizers.
These batteries did not even last a day with some LED lights we used. I do not recommend these to anyone. Go with a good brand name.
These batteries leaked into my mouse and killed it. Not cool Amazon.
Certainly not as good as Duracell. Some are very good........ others go bad in as little as two weeks. I put 3 in a plugged-in weather radio to serve as battery back up. Got a message that batteries needed replacing after only 2 weeks. A battery tester confirmed that they should be replaced. I guess I will go back to the Duracells.
Bought these for my digital camera based on a semi-professional review. Each set of 2 lasted less than an hour in my camera. Have used other brands of regular AA batteries and they have lasted much longer. If it's cameras you're buying them for, DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.
These worked for about a week. Then started leaking and just stopped working. I ended up throwing them away. I even had to throw a string of lights out because of the leaks of batteries.
ehh...they run out of charge very quickly....its honestly bad for the environment. they do seem to be a bargain but a brand name might come in a smaller quantity but will last longer than these..update 1: these batteries pack's have 50 working(short term) and 50 non-working batteries...I brought multiple battery packs and all have batteries that don't work.In my estimation, i think these batteries are not worth it.
Good Value but they dont last very long
I will not purchase these again. They last about 1/2 the life of the Duracell ones.
These are not comparable to Duracell. I have been running around changing batteries everywhere, remotes, clocks, battery-powered soap dispensers. All the dying batteries are the lame Amazon basics. Bought duracells at Costco. They probably last twice as long. I bought these to get free shipping on orders over 35. Don't do the same. It's not worth it. Very disappointing.
I thought from the reviews that I had found a really good battery for less money than I usually paid for DuraCell but I was wrong. I put these in a my battery operated Halloween decorations and they lasted exactly 3 weeks on a 4 hour timer mode. The pumpkins where I used DuraCell are still glowing brightly. Guess it's back to the other brand for my battery operated Christmas decorations.
These batteries don't seem to last quite as long as regular brand name.
Totally not convinced these are as good as name brands because I have had to replace several batteries way too soon.
Not suitable for toys. Drained within just a couple of days.
Definitely not Duracell, but it gets the job done. Last for a while, but died sooner than expected.
I've used 10 so far, 4 in a wire less mouse and had a short life , comparing them with Maxwell batteries I used before.
Not happy with quality. Do not last very long in various devices.My guess is that milliamp hour ratings are very poor/low.I have used many of these batteries in a short time span compared to Duracells.
About the same as Ray O Vac, not very good.
These batteries were horrible. They died with a couple of days use. I figured since they were Amazon brand they would be good but I was mistaken. Sorry I would not recommend these to anybody.
Not worth a crap don't waist your money. I purchased these for under cabinet lighting and they hardly have enough power. The light is way more dim than other batteries.
This batteries didn't last very long in anything we used them in (clock, toy, flashlights). Would not buy them again.
They simply do not last very long. Not worth the money.
These batteries are only OK. They don't last as long as Duracell and when they die, it's usually instantly. One moment they seem to work fine, the very next moment they are outputting half power. I would say that about half of these batteries just simply died while being used, no warning, no gradual loss of power, simply dead. They also seem to be marginally shorter than brand-name batteries, but to be honest, I haven't measured them. Suffice it to say I've decided that I would rather spend the few extra cents per battery on brand-name batteries. It's simply not worth the savings in my opinion. (I've had similar experience with Dollar Store batteries.)
Just ok
Overpriced, works about the same as raovac.
How do I rate this I really can't tell because I am not going to test every single one of them!
not what I was looking for but they are ok.
Pretty good but the batteries do get used up fairly quickly. I use them for wireless mics and they last for maybe 5 or 6 hours TOPS. I need to compare them with Duracell to really get an idea of their quality.
I have a digital charger that has been very effective at recharging alkaline batteries. I usually get two or three 90 charges from a quality battery before it starts to leak. These are fine for their original life, but none could handle a recharge. Yes, I know that's what all alkaline batteries advertise, but at this price, which is equivalent to what I pay for Maxell and others, I expected a more robust container.
Batteries die very quickly. Spend the extra for better batteries.
I am a die hard Duracell and Energizer user for many years.. Truth is, these are good for normal use items, such as a tv remote, or other items that aren't on a constant drain. However, for long term uses on a day to day I still will stick with Duracell, but these are OK.
I recently bought these to use in my Streamlight Microstream flashlight. I've carried one every day for the past 4 years and I love them. I say them because I'm on my 6th one maybe. It's my fault, really. I lose them very easily for some reason. Anyway, these batteries are average at best. I generally get copper tops or energizers and was looking for an economical equivalent. This isn't it. I find myself replacing the battery in my flashlight more often than I used to. These batteries might be ok for your tv remote or battery powered clock but I'd pass if you need them for anything you rely on.
The batteries are a good price but I am not sure how charged they are. They seem to run out faster than other batteries that I have used.
a few in the lot didn't work at all.
All were dead
almost most of the batteries drained out in 1 or 2 weeks with moderate use
Alot of the batteries were dead or very weak
Bad quality, many of the batteries were blank, not charged. Some only lasted for a week or so.
Batteries are awful. Might get 1/4 the life other batteries Ive used. Will not be buying Amazon batteries again.
Batteries did not last more than two days
batteries didnt even last one month...very dissapointed
Batteries must be old don't work!
batteries used primarily for remotes, batteries last for about 1 month
BRUTAL! THEY DONT LAST LONG AT ALL!
Dangerous
Die way too fast
Do not last near as long as other 'off brand' batteries
Does not last as long as the good batteries
don't last long. Replace batteries in my clock almost every 2 months.
Half of the batteries received were dead and there is no replace option.
Horrible batteries. So far every battery we have used hasn't worked!!!
I updated my credit car d more than six weeks ago. I won't bother you in the future.
I was missing a pack of 4 batteries when I opened the box today. Not impressed.
I'm truly disappointed with these batteries
Inconsistent. VERY short life.
Junk wont charge
Just what I needed - thank you
LOVE THE BATTERIES.THANKS
never again. don't last. especially short life in cold weather.
No good...worthless. I have no use for them.
None of the batteries work
Not universal. Did not work on garage door opener, given as gift but now cannot return.
poor quality
Returned for later purchase
Run down very quickly!
should buy duracell
Terrible battery life!!!!
That's crap
The package was open and missing two batteries.
These batteries are absolute garbage. Very little capacity.
These batteries are awful, have no power and die fast
these batteries do not last long and we have quite a few that are leaking..
these batteries do not perform as good as the cheapest ones on the market.
These die way too fast.
These suck. Had for a week. Stopped working. Garbage.
theses batteries don't last very long not worth the money
they are terrible
they do not last at all would love to get my money refunded.
They paired these with a order that uses AA
Total crap. Batteries last for minutes.
Used these for 2 insta bulb lights purchased from here also and they last about a week. Crazy!!!
Utterly worthless, no staying power.
Wore out way to fast
Worst battery I've ever used. Lasts 1/3 as long as eveready!!!
Wrong Item
Do not leave these batteries sitting on a dresser... or pretty much anywhere you don't want battery acid leaked onto. We took the batteries out of our remote at night and woke up to our brand new 3500 dresser ruined. Awesome.
Ordered these batteries along with a wall mounted mirror. Upon inserting these batteries the light did not work. Thinking something was wrong with the mirror. I decided to go to Target and buy more batteries. Replacing your batteries my light now works. I would return them but the return date was past due. Thanks for your time.
I received these batteries today and looked at the date after reading another review and the batteries are 4 years out of date. Please don't buy these.
There were 2 batteries missing from the pack. Just annoying enough to write a bad review. Not annoying enough to do anything else about it...
This pillow is made of memory foam but it is rock hard. It actually made my neck pain worse. The reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one is that the fabric feels nice and seems well made. This may work for some people but not me.
These batteries are actually falling apart before we use them. They are junk
These are different than the ones pictured. Are these performance ones also
Poor life. Buy a known brand.
Batteries seem to have very short life.........
Multiple batteries leaked, ruining one toy and causing messes in other items. Poor quality.
I have had mine for about 6 months, now 2 won't last mare than a week in my TV remote. Pretty annoying!
price is good... look good on paper.. some i have are bad.. after few times use .won't buy again unless quality goes up..
These batteries are nothing special. They do the job, probably not as good as some name brands but good enough for my wireless trackball.
These last about 5 hrs in a roku remote using the headphones. Really disappointed in how long they last.
Both packs were useless. Confirmed low charge with multimeter.
These run outmuch quicker than the Rayovac Ultra and cost the same...
Given its price, probably makes sense but doesn't last very long even with lower power usage or lesser used devices. I'd spend few dollars more and buy Duracell pack from Costco.
The scale arrived earlier than expected, and came packaged nicely. No visible damage on the box, so I was excited to test it out. The scale came with batteries, which was very convenient. However, upon turning on the scale, I discovered that the entire lower line of the display failed to light up and change (I.E: an 8 looks like an A, 3 looks like a backwards F). Other than that, this scale would have been fantastic. One thing to note, the weighing platform is not silver itself, but rather appears to be a silver plastic.
Second purchase of an amazon battery product and just as disappointing as the first. Batteries don't last very long and they quickly leak battery acid. Installed for less than 1 year and already leaking in two separate devices stored in different conditions. Will never buy amazon batteries again. Definitely not worth the few dollars saved.
I'm not entirely pleased with Amazon's batteries. It seems to me that these have been dying faster than the bulk pack I got at Costco long back (which lasted a long time!). I don't think I'll get these again, I'm returning to the name brands at Costoco once these are used up (and they are getting used up at a rapid pace).
Seems to be a good product. not sure they have a very long life.
One of my 48 batteries arrived with what looks like a leak. The rest look fine so I'll just keep them. Otherwise these batteries work just fine.
Asian products are infamous for their low quality, failure, and or harmful nature. These batteries produced in Indonesia live up to that reality. Out of ten batteries I finally found four that had enough juice to power the piece of equipment I purchased them for. Had I know they were made in Asia I would never have purchased them to begin with.
short battery life
Lasted for barely any time at all. I have no idea why some batteries last longer than others but I can attest that these were stored in the exact same condition in our home as another brand of battery and the Amazon ones lasted for far less than half the life of the namebrands. I'm always willing to give Amazon products a try, but these batteries left a lot to be desired.
These batteries do not have a long life.
They really don't last very long
Batteries last about a week in a wall clock- name brands last six months. Don't waste your money.
We have been extremely disappointed in these batteries. Put them in our game camera and they were dead after two weeks. Should have lasted two or three months. Same thing with everything we have used these batteries for. Don't waste your money, Buy Duracell instead.
I bought these several months ago. I use them for Xbox One controllers. Using Duracell batteries I get roughly 20+ hours out of 2 AA.With these Amazon ones, after about 6-7 hours I start getting low battery notices, and unlike the Duracell that I get a few warnings with, I only get one shortly before losing all power. Stick with the name brands, I tried these generic ones and regret it.
So at first I was happy, but my computer mouse started flashing red (low battery) about a week of having the new battery. Not impressed with battery life, but it works short term.
Shortest battery life I have ever experienced, using a Microsoft BlueTooth mouse that I have had for years, and have never experienced a shorter time between changing batteries than with these Amazon batteries! Duracell even Energizer or Maxell are far superior given my long decades of experience. Bah Humbug to Amazon on this one.
I don't know if I got a bad batch, but I'm getting less than two week's of use when I use them in my Baldwin Keyless Deadbolt (https://www.amazon.com/Baldwin-8252-AC1-Cylinder-Electronic-Deadbolt/dp/B00441UCY0/) which takes 4 AA batteries. The Duracell Alkaline usually last 2-3 months, so I'm pretty appalled at how short these. I'm in San Francisco and it doesn't get that cold so I don't think that's the problem.I've tested the batteries with my tester (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B005G7SBY4) and it indicates they are good and in the green, yet won't drive the deadbolt.When I took the weakened batteries out of the deadbolt (that still show green) and put them in my headlamp (https://www.amazon.com/Fenix-HL23-Headlamp-XP-G2-FENIX-HL23-XP-G2-GOLD/dp/B00SH08UXY/), they only give about 20 minutes before they completely die.
Nice bag, however did not come with the shoulder strap, which is one of the main reasons I wanted this particular model.
I like these shoes but Altra needs to pay more attention to sizing. I normally wear US 7.5-8. The first pair of Superior 2.0s I ordered was size 8 and they were way too short. OK, I thought, they run short. I ordered a pair size 8.5 and they were just barely long enough.I ordered a second pair size 8.5 and they are visibly half an inch shorter than the first size 8.5 pair. That isn't running short, it's lack of quality control.I really like these shoes, so I am ordering size 9's. But I do not have any warm feelings about Altra.
not long lasting move on pay more get more
So, I now have an angry 2 year old. A broken new toy. And batteries that I cannot trust. I put new batteries in the toy and it stopped working a couple days later. I opened it up to find some batteries leaked also ruining the toy.Edit: Amazon has made since replaced the batteries for me.
Some batteries worked okay. I just had a problem where a new battery worked for a week and then there was no charge. Not worth the price.
For the price and quantity I was sure this would be a great buy. Sadly, not all of the batteries worked. I first thought the camcorder we purchased was defective but when I swapped out the fresh, new batteries for a second round of fresh, new batteries from the same package the device magically came to life. Boo to you Amazon for selling batteries that don't actually work.
These do not hold charge for long.
Update 4/30/16:I've been trying to use up the last of the batteries and two more have been found leaking acid since the previous review. I didn't want to just throw them out but at this point is isn't worth the mess and damage to devices.Original Review:Bought two packs of these on subscribe and save in the last couple months. We play laser tag and the guns require 6 batteries each so I thought this would be a good source of cheap batteries for our 8 guns. I put these in about a week ago after having the batteries sitting on a shelf for a couple months. We played a game and then put the guns up. The next time we played ( about 3 days later) I noticed an oily liquid running out of one of the guns. The battery was leaking acid and it had run out of the battery compartment and was all over the outside.I get that it happens to other batteries as well, but that's usually after sitting in a device for months, not a few days. I would not trust these in anything expensive...and take them out immediately after use. I won't buy again. Sorry, no pics...I was busy cleaning up the mess.
These batteries are HORRIBLE. I purchased the 36 pack of AAA's a few months ago, and just started using them last week. So far out of 5 batteries used 2 were DOA, 2 lasted 4 days and 1 got so hot the plastic around the end is burnt.
Worst batteries I've ever bought. Last about two weeks in a remote control.
These do not work good in cameras. I use a small point and shoot Cannon Camera for work. With these batteries I seem to be changing them almost every time I go out. Other name brand batteries seem to last 3-4 time longer.
Maybe I got a bad batch. However, with 48 batteries, you'd think if that were the case that some of them would work well, and for me they have not. The main way these are being used are in an Xbox remote. The Xbox is only used to run Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Video on our tv, so I am basically using the game remote as a TV remote. It is never used for playing video games. That being said, I am lucky if a set of 2 of these batteries lasts 10 days in this remote. That is a far cry from name brand batteries I have bought. I purchased these thinking they would be a great deal. However, going through them 3x as fast as other batteries makes them a worse value, not to mention it is annoying to have to change them out so often. I will use up the ones I already bought, then I will not be buying any more.
We bought these batteries to use in a medical Holter Monitor. Typically we put batteries in for 24 or 48 hour monitors. After one use, we need to replace the batteries. These batteries did not even last the 24 hours. Patients wasted their time and the testing was wasted. It was embarrassing to make the patient reschedule their test due to our equipment failure. These cost our business money. Will never buy again.
Most of these batteries either do not have any life left to them or they are die out after one use. terrible product.
Are not strong enough to work the remote to my smart tv. Not sure what I will use these for since they only last about two weeks in my other tv remote.
Can't believe Amazon's name is on these pieces of dung. Very short life. I've migrated to Eneloop rechargeables for AAA as well as AA now big savers, as I have a lot of doodads.
Trst
I like AmazonBasics products, so I was excited to see these batteries. To find out if they were a good value, I looked up data online. Bottom line:-- For flashlights, toys, and steady drain devices, you'll be better off buying Rayovac Alkalines here on Amazon.-- For cameras and photo flashes, Duracell Coppertops will be better.Here's why: Rayovacs cost a little bit more per battery, but they hold more energy than these AmazonBasics batteries. As a result, the final price per amount of power is about the same. You just won't have to change batteries as often.Those Rayovacs work best in steady drain devices, but not so well in cameras or flashes. For those high drain devices, Duracell Coppertops hold up better and end up being cheaper.Battery Ninja tested these AmazonBasics AA's in toothbrushes I did some calculations and found that these batteries offer a reasonable price per unit of power (mWh), but that they do not carry as much energy as others. The test results show that these batteries will run out faster than others, at least in the toothbrushes. There were no test results vs. digital cameras, photo flashes, or toys, so I'm extrapolating that these will perform like Rayovacs, not like Duracell Coppertops.So, the only data to compare here is the toothbrush test. For energy delivered, these AmazonBasics batteries cost about the same as Rayovac batteries but will die sooner. To say that another way, these batteries cost less, but also deliver less power.Both Rayovac and Amazon Basics are better than Energizer batteries, which appear to consistently give less power and still cost more. I guess the money goes to the Energizer Bunny.Duracell Coppertops will last longer in flashlights, toys, and toothbrushes, but cost a little bit more per unit of power (mWh). On the other hand, they hold up better in cameras and similar electronics. They're probably the best all around battery. So, if you don't like changing batteries and a willing to spend a tiny bit more, Coppertops are a good way to go.Finally, the best value battery is interesting: it is the Costco Kirkland Signature. Battery Ninja's results show that and so do the tests from Consumer Reports. You can buy those Costco batteries here on Amazon, but the price is higher than you'd get at the club. Of course, I'm not a Costco member, so it doesn't matter to me... but buying them here on Amazon is not a good value.
The batteries are such a great deal but don't have the strength needed to run certain toys. We hve a snap circuit kit and it doesn't power it enough to make the fans fly. A little disappointed.
I use these for reading lights (the kind you clip on a book) which I use for coloring. The light gets dimmer after a few hours use the batteries I get from dollar tree last the same if not better. Duracell and energizer, however, last at least 20 hours before the light gets dim.
Would not buy these again. I reluctantly gave it a 2nd star because the price was good, but the batteries are pretty much 1 star. These get pretty good reviews so I was excited about them. Then the kids kept coming back WAY TOO FAST asking for batteries for their Wii remote. It didn't make sense to me until I tossed some in my blood pressure monitor. That thing runs for many months or years on a set of batteries, but not these! Only weeks with these. I don't have any kind of meter or anything like that to check them, but the proof is in the usage.......it's awful. Buy something else with a brand name.
I opened the package today and put in my son car toy, didn't work at all, I took them out and put back in again, didn't work, so I got the other brand battery and put them in, the car run just fine. I'm going to return this and will not buy amazon battery again.
These DO NOT WORK. I have tried them in 2-3 different clocks, and they are not working at all. When replaced with other batteries, the clocks started to work fine again.You get what you pay for...
I bought these thinking, Great I can save some money!...... Well.... no you won't....I have to use batteries in my camera because I'm too cheap to go buy a new camera..so I bought all these batteries (2 big boxes) ....Usually 2 batteries last about 10 hours if I continuously use them, take a lot of pics.(like energizer)...... Seriously, these batteries last me probably 2 hours when using them a lot...... Not kidding.....I will not repurchase these.......
Do not use these in any techy gadget, including remote controls, keyboards, and especially cameras!
This battery is fine, but I purchased it because I thought it was rechargeable. Shame on me for not noticing, but I thought it looked just like the rechargeable ones I had purchased before. I bought it on Prime Day for about 6, so I thought I was just getting a great deal.Disappointing. I don't normally buy regular batteries, as we go thought them like water in all of our Thomas trains and other toys. I wish I had noticed the difference.
These are OK for the price. I have an LED string of dewdrop lights I bought from Amazon and these batteries will last for 3-4 days of it on 24/7 but the Costco Kirkland brand batteries will last 2 weeks being lit 24/7.
These batteries are awful!! I usually use duracell AA in my small Christmas light strings and they last me 2.5-3 weeks with being constantly on. These have lasted about 4 days with the same use. I read other reviews which stated they were the same but it wasn't until I put them in my normal light strings that I saw the difference. Will NOT order again.
These batteries don't work well! My bluetooth mouse wouldn't stay on any more, even when I put fresh Amazon batteries in them. So I bought a new mouse and it wouldn't work with the new batteries. Then I used Duracell and the mouse was fine!Same thing happened with my Roku remote.
These leaked battery acid twice over a two week person in LED lights which don't pull a lot of power. I will go for a brand name next time...I can't have my students getting burns from leaky batteries.
These r the worst batteries ever! Amazon should stop selling!!! They last a couple of weeks on a clock! Everyone I've used! I should send back..
Ours did not last nearly as long as energizer or Duracell in our sons toys. No real data to prove this other than we went through batteries like they were candy until I restocked with energizer.
they are cheep so i guess you get what you pay for. i use them in my kids toys and they don't last long.
These do not last long. I will stick to Kirkland or Duracell from now on. I usually change my mouse battery once a year, and since I started using these, it is every other month. Disappointing.
I have found that a large percentage of these batteries only last about half as long as Duracell. I had assumed that since Amazon doesn't own a battery factory, that these are simply a major brand that is private labeled. So I assumed they would last just as long. My TV remote came with a Sony battery, it lasted a year. I replaced it with one of these and it only lasted 5 months.
Very little capacity. They last only about 25 as long when compared with other main stream batteries
They don't seem to work except in very low energy items. Can't get them to work in my remotes or in a motion sensor light, but it works on a smaller switch activated night light. :-( oh well
These batteries die almost as fast as Harbor Freight free batteries. I expected top quality and got bottom quality.
I am all about Amazon Basics but I have ordered several of these for our baby toys and they don't compare at all to the Duracell ProCell that I normally order. Would love to go for a great generic brand but this just isn't it. I've been through several of these and they are consistently much faster to run out than the ProCells.
They last a very short time once in use. Put fresh ones in a soap dispenser and they lasted 8 days. Other brand lasted 2 months
They seem to not last as long as other brands. Great Price though
This is my second time purchasing these Amazon AA batteries, the first purchase the batteries were great. I'm currently using them in LED lights for decoration and the first set I purchased would last burning 8 hours per day for a couple of weeks, however these new performance batteries noticeably dim after 3 or 4 days of burning.
Burnt up a copper string light I have been using for a years. Short life on other electronics compared to Duracell. Left in a wii controller for 2 months and leaked all over.
I almost reviewed these right when I got them, which was around October 6, 2015. It is now November 9th - just put 12 of these in four separate Hallmark Christmas figurines that each operate on three AAA batteries. Two stopped working within an hour and when I put new batteries in them, they worked fine - I think these just don't last and are not the best batteries. Just fyi. I am going to order some separate AAA batteries as I don't think these are great quality.
They're the same size as the batteries they replaced. Who knows if they last longer, have more power than others until they go dead Who remembers to come back and post that these batteries worked for one day more or less than the last set you had They're batteries, and they looked like they were cheap to me. If they melt a remote control or something, I'll try to remember to come back and letchall know.
These Amazon brand batteries don't seem to last quite as long as the top brands do. They're not bad, but they don't seem to have the long-lasting quality. For the price they're okay, but I think I'll stick with top brands in the future. We go through a lot of the AA variety batteries and even more of these. Again, not bad but...
They don't seem to last long
This does not last for more than two months on my LG Magic remote.A basic remote truck lasts only for four days.
A lot of batteries for the good price. But they don't last too long.
as expected.
Batteries Didn't Last Long
Batteries seem to die quickly.
battery drains out fast, unlike duracell
Battery's charge ran out very quickly.
Bought as a gift to go with the vibrator.
Brought wrong size for the walkie talkies i purchased..but can find use for them
Cheap and convenient.
Definitely are inexpensive, but we seem to go through them very, very fast. So... not sure.
Does not have same charge as top brands. Caveat emptor.
Does not last long
Doesn't hold the strength of Duracell, etc.
Doesn't last long at all
doesn't last very long
Don't last as long as Duracells.
Excellent price but DEFINITELY didn't last as long as popular/known brands.
fine
Good deal for outdoor solar lights.
Good: but don't seem to last as long as major brands
Great price for the quantity but it seems they don't last as long as the major brands.
Have not had the opportunity ti critique
I have not fully tested these AA batteries so I don't have them evaluated.
I like how i got so many itd months later and i still got a pack left!!
i meant to order AA and not AAA.I shall reorder
I think it was recargable
I wouldnt say they are worse or better then name brand batteries. about the same
I'll be paying extra for energizers they last longer.
I'm super charged over the price of these batteries!!!!
Inexpensive! But they die quickly.
It's a battery...
Lasted half the time as duracell in the same product
love it
lower value as they last about one hour but good for a flash light
Made in the USA would make this a 5 star
maybe it's just me... but they don't seem to last very long
Needed them in a hurry - don't last that long.
Nice value, average life.
Not all that long life.
not as good as the higher quality batteries would not buy again
not much better than the dollar store brand
nothing bad to say but I can get others for cheaper price.
ok
ok
ok
OK for AAA needs
Ok. Worth the price paid.
Only reason is I meant to get AAA not AA :(
Put in my mouse for just 3 days. Power is off again.
Seem to discharge quickly
So far they have worked well. I do not know how to compare them on quality yet.
sticking to longer life energizers
The battery life was not as long as Duracell and energizer.
these are not comparable to Duracell, but it's cheap
These batteries are reasonably priced but I found they do not last as long as other batteries
These batteries just don't seem to last as long as Everready batteries.
These didn't last very long.
These don't seem to hold a charge as well as the major brands.
They didnt last as long as duracells
They do not last long.
They don't charge after 3 or 4 uses.
They hold there charge!
They ran out of energy very quick but it's a deal
they seem to have a very short life span. do not think i would buy again.
they work but I wish they were USA made
They're batteries.
TV Clicker about 2 months
we'll see how they hold up
Weird but some didn't last long as they should
Worked great.
Works
works like any another.
Worth the price
you get what you pay for... they are not great
Hardly last as long as a stick match. Total waste of money.
Tried them in my amazon firestick remote and they failed to make the remote work. However, no batteries have made it work. Seems the Amazon firestick remote is the problem. In any event I am stuck with 8 batteries that I do not need.
2 of my candles stop working after 2 weeks!!
About half of the batteries won't recharge, so I threw them away
Adequate
Affordable
Bad shelf life. No where near Duracell. For very light duty only.
Batteries did not last very long!
Batteries do not last used all 48 after thanksgiving ned replacing to replace.
Battiers dont last very long
Buy for TV remotes. Stick with Duracell for anything else
Charge doesnt last
Do not last long.
Doesn't last long.
Don't last nearly as long as major brands.
Drain quick
Drains out quickly like cheap dollar tree stuff
Go with a brand name.
I'm feeling like these are running out of performance faster than other batteries I've purchased.
More then half don't work
not a fan, seem to run out quick
Not great for remote control car.
Not great for use in video game controllers. They drain really fast.
One in every three of these has leaked battery acid in a matter of days l.
Only lasts half as long as the Rayovacs i usually purchase.......
Only slightly cheaper than name-brand and far less than half the capacity.
The batteries go dead very quickly
These die a lot quicker than typical energizer and duracell batteries
These die really quick.
They didn't last as long as say Duracell..in my opinion.
They dont really last long
they need to be change to offen
they seem to wear out really fast
They were cheap yes, and it shows. They don't last long at all. You get what you pay for...
Wore out quickly
And I could have bought Energizer batteries. These are OK, but not a US company. Who knows what damage their manufacture is doing to the planet.
These batteries seemed to die very quickly. We used them for xbox one and wii controllers and while I wasn't the only person to use them, nor was I always around when they were being used to gauge the amount of their use, I seemed to have to replace batteries weekly.
DO not buy this product I've received this product to replace batteries in remote-control candles all three candles did not work I was ready to discard the candles when I decided to try different batteries. As soon as I put the different batteries from another company the candles worked fine. Tried to find a place to write to the seller but couldn't so apparently I'm just stuck for the price of the batteries which are useless!!!!!
I use these in a three battery work light and probably 2-3 times per 48 one dies much more quickly than the others. I put them on a meter and 2 have 1.25v left but the third has around .75v. Frustrating, but I think they're still a good value
Not sure why they won't recharge correctly. Second time this happened with Amazon. Going back to a brand name.
Very disappointed with these batteries. I was using them in a wall clock. The clock repeatedly did not work after a new battery was put in. I figured the clock was no good, since the batteries were new. Bought a new clock, same thing happened. Decided to test the batteries prior to installation. I found that of the twenty batteries I tested, only 2 tested good. So therefore, my first clock probably wasn't bad in the first place, the batteries are faulty. I still have 12 batteries left to test, but I not hopeful that these will be any better.
When I opened the package there were only 17 batteries, not the 20 that I ordered and paid dor.
Amazon batteries are ok, they do not last as Duracell and i wish the have rechargeable ones , very disappointed!!
I often buy Amazon Basic products, and until I tried their batteries I've never had a complaint. But these batteries drain faster than any but the absolute cheapest I've ever used. So no bargain there. You get what you pay for with this, unlike most other Amazon branded items.
These might be ok for remote controls and wall clocks that don't take much power. But don't expect to use them in you digital camera. The low battery warning comes on the instant I turned on my Canon 120IS point and shoot camera with afresh pair of these batteries. Within about 2 minutes the camera dies and won't restart without another fresh set of batteries.
Very Poor battery life... Did not even last 30 minutes in my device where I've had top notch Energizer batteries that lasted weeks if not months!!!These just do not compare to top of the line batteries. Maybe good for a TV remote, but that's about it.
Don't last long at all. I've had better luck with cheaper batteries than I've had with these. Duracell batteries in the same equipment with same usage lasted 4 times longer than these Amazon AA Batteries did.
These batteries lasted barely 2 weeks in a low drain device. They actually performed worse than dollar store batteries! I can't believe there are so many positive reviews... maybe I got a bad batch. Luckily Amazon is really good about giving refunds, so this is more a warning about not wasting your time on these.
I used the batteries in my flameless candles 3x for about8 hours. Total bummer! They all died. Won't purchase again!Amazon should reconsider selling these turkeys Wow. Was IDisappointed. How about a replacement for these fake batterieswith real ones!
Awful. Have almost gone through a whole box to find a battery or two that actually work.
I had to go through half of the box to find four batteries that work. Pay a little more for quality batteries that work.
I have no issue with the actual batteries. They work fine. My problem is with the extremely wasteful packaging. The 20-pack comes in an oversized cardboard box with two slots for 10 batteries each. They could just as easily package them in a small thin cardboard box.
Not a very good battery. They drain really fast. I use them in my Roku remote. I plug my headphones into the remote for wireless listening, so I'm not sure if that is a factor. But I've used several different batteries in the remote and none of them drained nearly as quick as these did. I'm talking a week and they are dead. I would not recommend them.
Very mixed bag of opinions about these batteries. My experience as that they are terrible. Amazon should never have put their name on such a poor product.
So these are cheap batteries, and you get what you pay for. However, when used in trail cameras during cold weather the performance is poor. Cheap Rayovac batteries from Menards (48AA for about 13.00) perform much better. Will not purchase again.
did order or get
BATTERIES have a very SHORT LIFE... WILL NOT RECOMMEND nor BUY AGAIN..
Not a high performance battery, it's good for timer lights but not for regular usage, will not order these again...
do not last as long as energizer...very comparable to toys r us batteries
They don't seem to be working very well - - last a day or so in the remote
I ordered a box of these AAA. When I received them none of the batteries worked in my flameless candles. I complained and Amazon sent me another box. None of those worked either So I bought some Duracell and they worked fine. I don't understand.
Over half were dead or real close to.dead and ones that did work lose power really fast. Very disappointed in Amazon on these and their aaa.
I tried recharging them right out of the box and it says they are bad! I'll by my rechargeables elsewhere
WORST BATTERIES EVER TRIED. VERY POOR battery life compared to major name brand alkaline
Worst batteries ever. After m Duracell's in my wireless alarm keypad died after over a year I thought I would try these Amazon batteries. These batteries DO NOT last a week before they die and I have to replace them. Spend the extra money and buy the Duracell's they will same you money in the long run.
Worst batteries ever. I use them in my remote and have to switch them every couple of weeks. Do not buy
These are cheap batteries. To make matters worse, Amazon sends old DEAD batteries mixed in with newer ones and ship them off to you. At least half of our last (and final) package had dead batteries and worked for maybe a day. Amazon wouldn't return our money for them. WASTE OF TIME.
Worst batteries I ever bought. Less than one hour after installing in remote, popup on tv said remote battery low. Left them in and got about four hours more use before it wouldn't turn on the receiver. The AA's I bought seem to be fine. Not sure why the AAA's didn't last. Put 4 new ones in the remote ... we'll see how these do. The second set of four were no better than the first. Low battery warning after a few hours use (surfing dish tv program guide). All showed just over 1.5 volts before installation. Checked again when first low battery warning came up. Down to .8 volts. Guess I got an old, bad batch. Nothing but Duracell from here on out. Would not recommend these batteries !
These batteries are the worst batteries I've ever purchased. I am in disbelief how quickly they died! I put them in 2 very small 4 tall portable night lights for my kids and both night lights became very dim overnight. The batteries had to be replaced after 2 nights for the night lights to even serve the purpose. I've since put these batteries in other things around the house and I am not impressed at all. I'll stick to buying batteries at Costco in the future.
Worst batteries ever. They have a short life in every item I used them in. One example (but similar with all devices): I have a battery operated clock that needs the batteries changed every 3 years. I need to change these every three months. Will never purchase these again.
horrible --- they barely last a week in my tv remote control
Some of the batteries did not work well.
The price and packaging on these batteries is wonderful, but the use-life is not. A pair of these, fresh out of the box, did not last 30 days in my Bluetooth mouse. I have gotten better results with rechargeables, and that is saying something.
Packaging warning. The batteries are fine but the batteries themselves come pre-wrapped in groups of four! Every time you need more than four or if you're just going to split up some sets, you have to open a new group of four, and they come wrapped in that horribly annoying cellophane like substance that is hard to remove it must be terrible for the environment.
The two guard stops at the bottom are WAY TOO HIGH. They dig into my wrists are are painful after only 5 minutes.Everything else about the stand is excellent for a 13 laptop. It'll only work if you use an extended keyboard.Impossible to type directly on the laptop b/c of poor design. The guards just need to be brought down and 1/2 their size and this would be perfect.
If you're looking for something to keep your laptop cool, this will do the trick. Although only bad things are, it isn't comfortable sitting on your lap as the metal just isn't awesome. The rivets where you rest your hands are welded things and they're uncomfortable as they dig into your hands when trying to type or even resting your hands. Wouldn't recommend..
Too small for 17 he envy very tight fit. Otherwise great product
Too many zippers IMO. Good quality, but the zippers frequently get caught making it slightly annoying to open.
This bag does not fit my 17-inch laptop, although mine is a little bigger than many. You would need a relatively thin 17-inch laptop to make this work. Also, as some other reviewers described, it has a cheap-feeling inner lining. I also do not like that the zippers for the main pocket do not extend toward the base farther, so this does not open as wide as I would like. It will get the job done and serves as a replacement for my previous backpack, which was falling apart, but I do not think I would really recommend it to anyone.
There's a lot of space with the Amazon Basics laptop and a number of great compartments, but the material it's made from feels kind of stiff and inexpensive. I was impressed at how much I could get into this backpack, but once it was packed it felt very big and bulky. My normal backpack is a smaller one from Timberline which has less compartments but seems to hold a great deal of stuff and not feel nearly as bulky as this one.
Pros- Feels Light weight even when stuffed fully. Perfect no. of compartments.Cons - Poor zipper quality, side ouch for water container is small.
Zipper on front kept coming apart. Since this opens to the base of the backpack, I almost lost an item. Double check this when you get it give it a few solid tugs
BETTER THAN NOTHING, But not as good as the CASE LOGIC: ELS-111 11 Chromebook/Surface 3 Sleeve. Fits the MacAir 11.6 perfect. The Amazon sleeve is simply neoprene, which snags and has so much friction, it doesn't easily slide in/out of my backpack. The Amazon quality is decent, but looks like a beer can cozy (koozie) compared to the CASE LOGIC. The CASE LOGIC IS NOT just NEOPRENE! It is highly protective, light, low density foam encased in canvas. It's more durable and slide in and out of my backpack better. Also the CASE LOGIC opens on two sides not just a slit on one side like the Amazon.(I bought both, and tried to return the AmazonBasics, yet Amazon was going to charge me 8.34 to send it back.. so i am keeping it.. Don't waste your time.. Don't make my mistake, buy the CASE LOGIC ELS-111 11 (note: last photo of Case Logic sleeve)
BETTER THAN NOTHING, But not as good as the CASE LOGIC: ELS-111 11 Chromebook/Surface 3 Sleeve. Fits the MacAir 11.6 perfect. The Amazon sleeve is simply neoprene, which snags and has so much friction, it doesn't easily slide in/out of my backpack. The Amazon quality is decent, but looks like a beer can cozy (koozie) compared to the CASE LOGIC. The CASE LOGIC IS NOT just NEOPRENE! It is highly protective, light, low density foam encased in canvas. It's more durable and slide in and out of my backpack better. Also the CASE LOGIC opens on two sides not just a slit on one side like the Amazon.(I bought both, and tried to return the AmazonBasics, yet Amazon was going to charge me 8.34 to send it back.. so i am keeping it.. Don't waste your time.. Don't make my mistake, buy the CASE LOGIC ELS-111 11 (note: last photo of Case Logic sleeve)
BETTER THAN NOTHING, But not as good as the CASE LOGIC: ELS-111 11 Chromebook/Surface 3 Sleeve. Fits the MacAir 11.6 perfect. The Amazon sleeve is simply neoprene, which snags and has so much friction, it doesn't easily slide in/out of my backpack. The Amazon quality is decent, but looks like a beer can cozy (koozie) compared to the CASE LOGIC. The CASE LOGIC IS NOT just NEOPRENE! It is highly protective, light, low density foam encased in canvas. It's more durable and slide in and out of my backpack better. Also the CASE LOGIC opens on two sides not just a slit on one side like the Amazon.(I bought both, and tried to return the AmazonBasics, yet Amazon was going to charge me 8.34 to send it back.. so i am keeping it.. Don't waste your time.. Don't make my mistake, buy the CASE LOGIC ELS-111 11 (note: last photo of Case Logic sleeve)
I have owned the product for about a month and it is as advertised. The case only opens about a third of the way. I have always had computer bags that opened fully. It it inconvenient to have to wrestle with the laptop trying to fit it through the small opening. I recommend spending few extra shekels and buy a case that fully opens.
arrived on time well packed disappointed with quality does the job it was only for keeping dust off second laptop,a very tight fit though
Isn't the same as the picture.
I bought this because the package said it was a fast charger only to find it charges at normal speed... That was disappointing. I'm pretty sure I'm not doing anything wrong. It seems pretty self explanatory... :/
it does not charge any faster than regular charger.
The only problem that I had is that it should have been included with the Kindle Paperwhite. There is no way to charge the Paperwhite unless you buy the charger. The charging port on the Paperwhite is so small that nothing that I already have will work. Kindle does not even provide a USB cable so that you can charge from your computer. The outlet plug is cheep plastic (hollow) and will probably break, no warranty.
When I got my Kindle Fire, I got a protective cover for it and figured I'd be ok, because I don't travel much at all (am bedridden/disabled from car accidents). After a while, I couldn't get the mini-USB cord to stay in the plug on the Kindle. After describing the problem to Amazon, they sent me a new cord (I got the newer one with an AC plug and had to pay for it). Unfortunately this did not solve the problem, and I had to mail them my Kindle, and they shipped me a new one, configured mostly the way I had everything before I sent it, which was very convenient. Using my new cable (purchased through the Amazon Kindle store), I had no problems, at first.With only very light use, primarily for reading books for short intervals, the problem I had before with the mini USB plug on the Kindle not fitting tightly into its socket. After changing up AC to USB, as well as trying both USBs on my computer, I was unable to get the Kindle to start because it had less than 15 charge on the battery but I had no way to charge it. The only way to resolve the issue would be to go through the procedure described above I read a number of the positive reviews (which are usually posted first), and nothing was mentioned about this problem--there were so many reviews I didn't have the time to go through them all. I'm in the middle of a book, and use the Kindle to play Scrabble with a friend, and we're in the middle of a game...So I haven't decided what to do yet... It's after 5 a.m. Sunday morning so I can't call the Kindle Store for advice.I had been considering upgrading to one of the new Kindle products, but after having this recurring problem, I am leery of spending that kind of money, only to possibly have the same issue.Read more
I really liked the idea of having a device I could talk to out of nowhere that would answer (although our cells phones can do similarly, but you have to turn them on and press buttons, etc.). It is also gratifying to be able to tell a device to play music and it does. I was quite disappointed in the ability of Alexa to answer any serious questions. Jeff needs to pay to send his programmers back to search school. So many times Alexa says a phrase similar to I don't understand the question So basically I paid for a radio. I paid extra for the larger one, but the output is still no different than a clock radio. Come on Amazon!!!
I really liked the idea of having a device I could talk to out of nowhere that would answer (although our cells phones can do similarly, but you have to turn them on and press buttons, etc.). It is also gratifying to be able to tell a device to play music and it does.I was quite disappointed in the ability of Alexa to answer any serious questions. Jeff needs to pay to send his programmers back to search school. So many times Alexa says a phrase similar to I don't understand the questionSo basically I paid for a radio. I paid extra for the larger one, but the output is still no different than a clock radio.Come on Amazon!!!
This is fun but would not buy again. Not very informative. Keeps say "I do not understand your question. "
Great sound, it needs to be a little more sophisticated in responding to inputs. For example, yesterday I told it to play Mexican music -- didn't know any, same with Mariachi Music. Could not play any, Odd,
Alexa works great, but the the sound quality of this speaker is terrible, your much better off with a echo dot and bose sound link mini set up.
We are unable to connect WIFI on this product. We have tried to follow the instructions to no avail. It is a useless and expensive item sitting on our table.
Since I purchased returned couple of times now is dead I have to return it again. My first problem didn't paired.
This review can not be valid due to the device did not work for me. I would put it down. Just upgraded to the ECHO instead of the tap.
We were so excited to get the tap since it was a larger speaker than the dot and unlike the echo has a battery charger with it to make it portable. We already have an echo which works perfectly in our home. When listening to online radio on the tap it cut in and out constantly. We returned it and exchanged gor the dot.
I habe the echo and I bought this one fort my son's room but it's not as user friendly. I wish I would've just bought the other one.
Overall for an Alexa product it does the same thing as all the other ones. This one is specifically portable and only needs to be put on the base for charging. The one main issue is that it is not voice activated (meaning it does not listen to you unless you press any of the buttons on top or the mic button in front. By having this feature, I could see it causing excess battery usage. Needs to be able to apps better.
I bought one for myself and a couple as gifts, it's cute but still haven't figured out what's so great about it. I will say that it does pick up your voice throughout a huge room.
I bought this as a Christmas gift. I'm told that they are enjoying it and are very Happy with all it can do.
Great device I use it on a regular basis. good investment
I recommend this speaker Easy to work great sound
Great Speaker but I really don't need the features. I just need good sound and don't really use anything besides that
I was not overly impressed with this system. I didn't realize you have to buy Amazon prime in order to use the functions. It didn't connect easily to my phone. It wouldn't just stream music saved on my iPhone. I had to download a music app and then load my music into the app. It wouldn't work. Way too much work and added expenses in order to use. Wasn't happy with that so I returned it and purchased a jbl portable Bluetooth speaker.
I was really excited for this speaker. Got it all hooked up to my echo and was ready to go. Then I listened to the music. It has no bass. If you want something the has a good range of sound, this isn't it. It is focused on treble only. No low end. I ended up getting the JBL Charge 3. Love it
I should have done some research before buying the Tap. I would have rather had the upgraded version that is voice activated. Also, I thought it would be more like Siri where you can ask anything. Alexa's answer to most questions is, "I don't understand the question." The Bluetooth speaker works fine.
I'm thinking this must of been a fluke, it never worked. Had to return item but received full refund
Doesn't understand some commands or Questions,but good overall
I own an echo and the tap. The tap is slower to respond. If you haven't used the echo then you will like the tap.
Great sound..easy to connect..problem is.. its not voice activated..so u have to push the wake button anytime u need to use it..that means it has b close at hand...
The tap is a great concept, I love my echo so a portable one was that much better. However the sound is pretty terrible, no bass and can be scratchy.. It was a good concept just poor execution.
Love the Dot, Hate the Tap Portable! This device will not hold a charge for even one day. The dots are amazing though.
Battery life is very long and the sound is surprisingly good. Alexa is not as 'smart' as the marketing would like you to think. I get a lot of 'I don't know the answer to that'
Nice portable speaker but wish the sound quality was better.
hard to use, and does not support Guam. online instructions not clear
Amazon Tap.. got it on Black Friday sale.. But so far feel not as easy as I think to use.. But if you just use as Bluetooth speaker and sound is good.. Maybe just have to learn how to use it more..
I wouldn't buy it again...the software doesn't seem as well integrated with the hardware on this machine. I also have an Echo and I don't have the same connectivity issues with it that I do with this. I liked the features available with this...portability mainly with a long battery life, but with plagued by connectivity issues I can't say I would recommend it. I have looked at reviews online since purchasing and have discovered I am not the only one that feels this way. The sound, when it is connected and responding, is amazing.
Just really thought it would have been more useful without having to have to make additional purchases for music I like.
Like DOS, you need to memorize your command and speak it out, otherwise it may not understand your command. Google Assistant is smarter. Also you cant use Spotify free account, to work around you must add a lot of free music to Amazon music into your own amazon music account before you can hear any music. Google home is more convenient this case, as you can start listening to any music channel by your free account from Spotify. If you have paid account for Spotify then not much different here. But to do searching you may be disappointed with this Tap, Google Home is just much smarter. The sound of this Tap is very good indeed, but I return it because it cant do music alarm, also it cant use Spotify for free, also its search is not smart enough, so I switched to Google Home.
For the price, you should be able to use as a speaker when talking on the phone. I had to use my daughter's Beats Pill for this function, therefore it's not worth all the hype.
You need to have amazon prime plus order a special music plan. Disappointing for sure. The sound is ok. I think the larger model is probably better.
The product works well. However, you have to hold down the button to use the best part of the device, Alexa. I really wanted to take it back because it can be a little annoying to hold down the button every time you have a question but the sound quality of this product is just so dog on awesome!!
If you want a Tap to make use of Amazon's Alexa voice services, then dont get one. The Tap is a fine enough Bluetooth speaker for wireless music, but the need to touch a button for voice services renders it far less valuable.
This product is ok, wasn't too impressed with the commercial was defiantly more interesting
Would buy the cheaper one than I bought.The echo is a better product
I returned it because I wanted better sound...opted for a bose soundlink. Decent speaker with nice amazon prime/Alexa features...just not the sound I was looking for.
just okay! Product was for my girlfriend. Doesn't appear she uses it much except to steam music. Most of the questions I ask it I get nothing. I like Siri better.
It works about 50% of the time when asking it a question.
While it seemed to work fine, the Tap does not have the open mic feature. While that can be best for some, I bought it as a gift and they would prefer one that listens. The Tap makes you press the mic button every time you wish to communicate with Alexa, which seems to defeat the purpose.
The Amazon Echo Tap is a nice & interesting device...but it did not fit my needs. I also have the Amazon Echo and absolutely love it. So what's the difference? A. You have to walk up the the Tap to touch it - this is not as convenient and not as fun as the talking to the Echo from across the room. B. The audio quality not very good - more like a small bluetooth speaker. C. The Tap is fine around the house when it's connected to the home wi-fi, but when you are out of the house it must connect to your cell phone or other wi-fi?? That is not going to work very well.
It's very tin sounding no bass sounds terrible bought a bose sound link and a amazon dot to hook up to it
This product, while the speaker is great, fails to deliver with a voice interface. Use your cell phone or computer and buy an Echo Dot.
the speaker voice quality is terrible compare the similar size my logitech UE BOOM.the price is too high, even I got on promotion with $79
Having to press to talk steals the real thunder of what the amazon echo can do.
I spent more time trying get it functioning than I did actually keeping this product. After a couple of days and never getting it to understand or follow my commands I returned it to BB. Also it kept trying to sell me products which I really didnt appreciate.
Much better than the echo dot. However, the fact that you have to touch the button to activate it instead of just talking to it is a bit annoying. Speaker is fairly powerful for its size.
When it works it's great but for some reason it doesn't always answer me When it doesn't answer me I turn off the tv and make sure no one else is talking and it still doesn't work at that time. It was easy to set up with the phone app. Doesn't seem to matter where the phone is when it isn't working. I've tried close and far and in between. So a case of great when it works and the pits when it doesn't
Could not get it to work properly. I put the app on my phone and my computer. I reached out for help. They responded and it still didn't work. I finally got frustrated and returned it.
This was advertised as the latest version 8. My ignorance led me to its 79 price. I thought they were all Paperwite - as in just like white paper in a book. Bought it for my wife. I returned mine as a refused shipment and ordered the PaperWhite. It has a backlight, higher resolution, and for 20, worth it. Kindler 1
Is Amazon kidding me They want me to pay 19.99 for an item that is a critical part of the functioning of their product Outrageous. I will find another 5V charger.
I bought this thinking that I needed it but I didnt so it was a waste of money. I do so hate to waste money. the Kindle can hook to a regular cell phone charger and it comes with a cable that connects to the computer. For some reason I thought I just had to have this too when I bought my Kindle.
One star because this should've been included when I purchased my Kindles. Bought this second one because I have three paper whites and got tired of playing musical charge chairs. And if Amazon would concentrate on the loyal e-book readers rather than the useless fires and increase memory more than the little bit they did on the latest kindle (I own one) I would be a happy camper. We need the option of adding memory (Amazon invent a chip that only you sell and the only one a kindle can use and I'll purchase). Just give us that option. Fires don't work for just straight up reading (can't read in any kind of light because of the shiny screen). Having to purchase these power adapters separately ticks me off. I don't care about the cloud. I need books downloaded to my devices. We vacation often in our mountain house. Middle of nowhere (which I like). However, no wifi, no Internet access and no cell coverage so cloud is useless. I guess I read too much. Thousands of books. 5,000+ in my library at home before a stroke forced me to Kindle and now thousands more. Include adapters when purchasing devices and increase the storage capacity.
No reason. This product is described as 5W, 1 amp. The Kindle line is mainly 5V (4.8V, what's the difference) and around 1 amp, which is 5 Watts (5W). Why the mystery, guys Also, this deal is for US 110V market only I travel. I like that the previous simple FIRE charger was universal (i.e. 100V-240v). I like that the first Kindle charger was also universal. What are you people doing Or, is it that the copywriter in this case just doesn't understandFor those who don't understand the details of electricity, ANY device will tell you what it needs to feed. Voltage (V) is one thing to look at and your charger needs to say something within the range of 100 and 240 volts to meet your device need. As far as AMPS (A). If your device says it needs 1.8 A. It's perfectly fine to buy a charger that has a rating higher than that. Like 2 Amps. The device will only drink as much as it needs. A device that needs 1.8 A plugged into a 2 A charger just means the charger is taking a nap. Just avoid situations where your device needs more Amps than a charger can provide. It won't necessarily explode but it will extend charge times and is generally not recommended.
My Kindle Voyage is nearly 16 months old and worked perfectly. I kept receiving emails from Amazon about the software update. I switched off airplane mode, switched on wifi and shortly after the screen locked up. I have tried everything with customer support and they now tell me I will have to buy a new one. I am very annoyed. If I had left the software as it was my Kindle Voyage would still be working.
I accidentally cracked my screen on the first day when the Voyage was too close to my rocking chair and neither Best Buy nor Amazon would do anything to help. Well, Amazon offered $15 off purchasing the Paperwhite and that wasn't something I wanted at all. Now I'm stuck with a $199 broken Voyage. Not a happy customer. I realize it was my fault but thought they should do something more to minimize the loss and keep my business.
i cant at night it has no back light from one to ten its a 7
turning pages not as easy as the original ones; whole Home Page experience not really user friendly, and seems geared to just sell you more books.
Very disappointed that my Kindle Voyage, purchased in April, failed after just two uses. Went to charge it tonight to take on a business trip and it won't charge, won't reset, etc. Since my Best Buy receipt says I only have 15 days to return it, tried calling Amazon support. Their only solution after over 30 minutes on the phone is to process a replacement which may be a new or may be a refurbished device-- unacceptable to replace a less than 2-month old device with a refurbished one... but, given the poor experience I've had with the Voyage, I'm not even comfortable with a 'new' replacement at this point. Amazon says they can't do anything about a refund because I purchased from Best Buy-- 15 days seems a little extreme in a situation like this with a defective product!Stuck with a $200 paperweight :-(
Clear reading in bright light outdoor settings. Long battery life.
The Kindle is great for just reading books, and the battery power is pretty good.The experimental browser is not very user friendly.
The Voyage, when it worked, was great - the page turns make the reading experience seamless and the ink is crisp, making it a real upgrade from the Paperwhite. That said, it started to freeze up quickly after I got it. Hopefully this is a software issue that will be resolved soon (and the price of early adoption, sometimes), because overall, I couldn't be more pleased with the (working) Voyage.
It is the top of the line e reader by amazon which is also the leader in e readers. The voyage is an excellent device and very versatile to carry on your trips. I feel the premium for the page turn sensors is little too high. In hindsight I would go with the paper white and save a few bucks.
My son truly loves his Kindle. He uses it everyday.
Ive had the 1st kindle so it took time to get used to no keyboard but love the built in light that has auto adjusting. The homepage isnt as friendly
I have a Paper White 1 and 2. Honestly it is difficult to justify double the price value. I certainly like most added features but not sure its worth the extra money. To note it operates great just not sure its worth an upgrade to the latest greatest.
I replaced my older Kindle Keyboard, which is larger and heavier than this kindle. Page turning takes some getting used to - I keep touching screen and turning page by mistake. You're able to turn the "side buttons" page turning off, but can't turn the touchscreen page turning off - it sure would be nice to allow page turns only with the "side buttons" - I think this is a major design flaw. Also, the audio option seems to be missing - you can't have books read aloud to you anymore. Also, no 3G. I almost returned this, but didn't get around to it, so I'm stuck with it.
Was a Christmas gift and I ended up returning it because it wasn't exactly what I was looking for.
It has what i wanted click to turn page and that is the only reason i paid that price for it. there is nothing special about it. i thhought that the battery would last longer and as an avid reader it doesn't last long enough.
Replaced a v1 nook but this is not better for reading
Have had it for a while noe. A littlebit unusual to press so hard to change page but now starting to get used to it.
very good produ ct and service will defintely refer to a freind.
I am bring it back for an exchange. (a different make)
I was hoping to use Google launcher with this tablet but it is really locked down and you cannot change the launcher or the lock screen. Still cheap and fine for watching movies.
My father upgraded from the original Kindle Fire to this model, and he's very happy with it. It doesn't compete with more mainstream tablets, but he likes the Kindle's system for downloading library books.
Great value for the money. However, the operating system is a bit clunky. Constant notifications and messages to delete. Some can be turned off, other seem to just keep appearing. The reader app surprisingly is less than intuitive.
This is good for kids. Cheap enough that if they destroy it, you won't get upset
If ads dont bother you, then this may be a decent device. Purchased this for my kid and it was loaded down with so much spam, it kept loading it up making it slow and laggy. Plus the carrasoul loadout makes it hard to navigate for kids, not very kid friendly! Oh you can pay $15 to remove the ads but it wont remove them all. Buy the samsung, better everything!
I bought this for my daughter. It was bundled with a solid bumper case and has a kid mode interface. She insisted on using her brother's iPad constantly. Not to say there is anything wrong with this product, it just wasn't for her.
Thought this would be perfect for my two children. The case, warranty and pass to download unlimited apps seemed great. However, the pad is sometimes unresponsive and inaccurate-which can be frustrating for children. The case is a little too bulky. And it can be confusing for children who want to push an icon to play but it instead downloads. There is a definite learning curve that they will overcome in time but it could be more user friendly for younger users.
Tablet stopped working after owning for two weeks. Came back on after an hour.
If you need a basic tablet then the fire works. It falls apart when compared to the iPad mini from a usability, functionality and available apps standpoint.
meh. it works. i find it difficult to navigate. i also have an ipad mini. this seems to be less intuitive than the ipad.
For the price it can't be beat. That being said I had to return mine after a week. I just couldn't get over the low resolution screen. It works well for movies and the Web, but I needed it to also show off my photos to others.
Tablet had trouble from the begging it kept restarting and rebooting I had to return it.
The screen breaks way to easy it drop one time broke
Though I have got it for cheap price during black friday, this Fire is not that great. Very bad camera and dim screen resolution. Pros:Install Google Play without any hassleVery good book reading option
This tablet is OK, sometimes it's kind of slow. Loads for a while before opening app. Storage has been good. 32 GB. I gave my son the freedom to download any game he wanted on prime time. And after 2 months he still has like 3gb left of space. Not recommend for kids over 10 years old. My son is 4 and sometimes he gets mad because tablet gets slow. Still good deal for 32gb, 1 year primetime for $80
Does not let me connect with my library. Very diapointed
upgraded my 3 year old kindle- same old. doesnt seem that great of a difference. the graphical interface still sucks but its decent for reading.
Battery doesn't last the up to 7 hours estimate. Didn't even last 4 hours one day. Watches video mostly but should last longer than that.
I purchased 2 of these as Christmas gifts for our niece and nephew. We decided to unbox them and charge them up to be ready for Christmas day. After opening them, discovered they will not allow you to install any free apps or use them for much unless registered with an Amazon account and credit or gift card. I had absolutely no interest in giving a 4 and 7 year old access to one click shopping on my account so we returned these for android type kids tablets. There may be some way around this restriction, but I didn't find it.
it has great durability, but lacks great sound. The picture quality is just ok
Best gift for Beginers. Less Price and enough speed and memory. Kids like it a lot.
This is the second Fire tablet that I have purchased. The first I returned in after I was not able to load YouTube onto the tablet. Amazon's take on Android was just to unfriendly to make it work. With this new tablet, Amazon has heard my concern and now I'm enjoying this tablet. It's well built for a sub-$100 device, but won't stand up to a lot of abuse.
I liked it at first except the browser is kind of clunky. Also you can. It use all android Apps. The worst thing though was mine just stopped working in the middle of watching a movie on a long plane flight. It was fully charged. I have tried recharging and turning on etc. it is just a blank screen and off. Kind of a cool paperweight. Hope I can get my money back. Or get a new one.
I like this tablet. I had a nook, the fire has more memory, bigger screen and lower price. The downside? The Amazon Fire is so ridiculously proprietary that I cannot watch any of my movies on it from my nook. This is becoming industry standard. Too bad.
The charging plugs on these kindle damage way to easy. I am very disappointed as this is not the first time this has happened to one of my kindles.
I love these Tablets, but the charging ports aren't the best. I bought 3 for Christmas and my kids take excellent care of them. I also do NOT them touch the tablets while they are charging. They have only had their tablets since Christmas day and they won't charge. I highly recommend getting the protection warranty for this item.
The reviews on this on Amazon seemed awesome. Little did I know that there is a chronic problem with the port on these tablets. We just bought this for Christmas and went to charge it for the first time. Nothing. We already loaded (and paid for) several apps, and now we're out that money. Also the charging cord that came with it appears it has been used before - there's some wear at the edge of it. So I went online to see if I could find this issue and there it is - everywhere. This is a problem that has been around for years, but Android - who is the ultimate culprit, has failed to fix it at the source. When you plug in the charger, there's no 'click' so you know it's in place. It just slides in and out. We've had Apple products for several years and never had an issue, then the first Droid product we purchase can't even be charged from the beginning. This will be going back to BestBuy - and will buy another iPad Mini - costs more, but is much much more reliable.
I got a magenta color because I loved the beautiful purple-ish color shown on the picture. Instead I got a really bright pink-ish color which looks nothing like the color shown here. I went to the store hoping to replace it with a different color but was told that since I bought it on sale, I had to pay the $30 dollar price difference if I wanted to exchange. Unbelievable. The product is good but I never liked the Best buy customer service.
The tablet could be great for my 4 year old daughter if it worked properly. As of right now I need to return it to see if a new one will work. There are black and grey lines across the screen most of the time. It will not go to the home screen so my daughter can play on it. I am hoping a new one will not be faulty.
I bought this to replace a 3-year old Kindle Fire 7" HDX that I had just dropped on the floor. I sort of panicked, so after doing a couple of hours of research I picked this tablet. Just to be on the safe side I got 16 additional GB of memory. I installed a couple of games (none of them memory hogs) and a cookbook app, in addition to downloading a couple of books and dictionaries. I can honestly say this is the slowest tablet I've ever had. Just rotating the screen takes 7-10 seconds, and that's if there's only one app open. Opening a book or magazine can take half a minute, and God help you if you want to switch between a recipe and a magazine while you're cooking! Amazon is obviously more concerned about showing you constant special offers and apps than having satisfied customers. Since there are no other Fire tablets available for whatever reason (maybe they're being discontinued?) I'll be replacing it with either an iPad or a Galaxy tablet.
This thing lasted not even a month before it went dead. Going to try and take it back
This tablet is definitely recommended if you are looking for light to medium usage. Tablet is snappy and quick but slarts to lag after installing multiple apps.Amazon app store is good but there are few essential apps that are not available, though you can install them using black market.
I did read about the game prior to buying it but so far the game is only half decent. Too much of the same thing.
This makes for a decent tablet for a kid with the kids edition, but I'm not sure I'd want it as an adult. There are much better tablets on the market. But since it's cheap, that's to be expected.
The display is not as sharp and vivid as they say but still good. Probably better for reading than watching videos. We didn't really get it for the games, but there is a good selection. WiFi works well and internet browsing is fast.
Good tablet althought the availability of apps thru their appstore is limited.
Works fine on wifi, otherwise a little slow. My kid enjoys it though. For the price it's good.
returning for a replacement. It got wet and quite working for a child's device it should be better made.
It would not turn on or charge. We have to return it to Kindle.
Downloaded movies for my son to watch and the audio is terrible, you could barely hear it so I returned it
Wish it was easier to understand set up so children don't accidently charge to my account.
It's difficult to navigate and not user friendly. I was hoping for better results
Bought it in order to watch NBC but the NBC app isn't compatible, so now I have a paperweight.
I bought this tablet as a replacement for my wife's Fire TV HDX 8.9 as her battery life is starting to decrease as it is getting older. Unfortunately, she was not happy with it as the tablet is slightly smaller screen wise (the next step is 10" which is way too big, and has 4 less hours of battery life) and I was disappointed despite it being a newer tablet it was not able to decode HEVC, like the Fire TV 2015 boxes we have connected to our televisions. This unfortunately is a show stopper, as we can't view the movie library we have on this tablet. We will wait until a newer version comes out that is improved.
I have always gone to buy a kindle because I like the books and th games available. But I found them very unpredictable and unreliable. The color burns futon screen, then the screens starts jumping. As a result I have purchased 8 over the years. Not sure if Want to go through that for the 9th time!
I have never had so many issues with a kindle and I have purchased alot. It's slow. It shuts off whenever it wants, the sd card dosent read half the time. And when it does it seems to be downloading it. And it deleted apps off my other kids kindle or adds when I do ... very very stupid . It has cracked . And I have never dropped it . It isn't made well. I am going to return it and I will probably never buy another kindle . HORRIBLE
So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all
I was initially excited to get the Kindle. I am extremely disappointed with all the ads. Even more disappointed to find out that I could pay Amazon more money to remove the ads. It's frustrating that Best Buy and more specifically Amazon, don't let the consumer know on the box or in store advertising that what you're buying is a mini advertising billboard. Why couldn't there be an upfront statement on the box or in the store stating that the "low price" is subsidized by all the ads on the device? Would this have changed my purchase? Absolutely!!!! I would have spent a couple bucks more and probably got a Samsung tablet.
If adding more than one child to the account, the screen will not rotate properly for the second, third, or fourth child. Geek squad could not fix this problem, seems to be a manufacturer's issue. Also, there are too many adds. I returned this product.
If you are looking for an inexpensive tablet just for basic web surfing/shopping/etc., I don't know that you can get a better deal. However, that is about all you can do. We found out the hard way that the Fire (which we bought to replace a misplaced iPad, so maybe we were just spoiled) is pretty limited in terms of the Apps you can download. Forget about any Google based Apps and many of the standard apps that are generally available in the Android or Apple market place. I love Amazon itself and don't have any major issues with the product I got for the price I paid, I just won't be going the cheap route in the future. Hindsight being 20/20, I should have spent the money to just get a new iPad since that is what we were used to.
There is nothing spectacular about this item but also nothing majorly wrong with it. The biggest flaw is that this is geared to kids and there is no way that I have found searching settings or online to lock the touch screen so that a video keeps playing if the child hits the screen. This means lots of times helping get back into the movie or show rather than just relaxing like an iPad can do with guided access activated.
I bought this on line as a gift. The unit does not stay on and I cannot get in touch with anyone to get the unit repaired
I didon't care for this tablet, downloading apps outside of Amazon was really confusing.
My 4yr old was able to operate it flawlessly. The included case works its magic to keep the tablet from any accidental screen cracks.
My 5 year old dropped this from a standing position (about a foot off the ground) and it busted. I had to use the BB warranty to replace it the day after purchase for a fall that the tablet should've been able to handle that is designed for kids. I'm happy with the apps, but definitely not thrilled with the lack of protection that is designed for kids.
I bought this tablet for my 4 year old daughter. Too many advertisements. I would rather pay more and not have a single ad.
The layout of the tablet is good. Internet is terrible.
Ok tablet from amazon, added Google play to device for more apps. Google how to do this.
Fine for reading, ...haven't used it for anything else yet
Was looking for a cheap tablet for my a son to use saw this unit on sale on black Friday good unit.
Very helpful and friendly. Didn't have too much selection on what I was looking for. But found what I needed.
I know beforehand that this is not a powerful tablet. But it's the best bargain at this price point . The screen is okay if you just read books, news, or surf the websites. But if you want to enjoy videos-this is not your choice.The processor is slow and the amazon app store doesn't have all the apps like you'd expect from Google appstore- even though the OS based on android. But few tweaks let you install the Google playstore-search online for the steps.Overall I'm satisfied with my purchase. Hope this is helpful.
good product but very hard to customize like real androids. Can not install firefox or other SW that Amazon deems a competition...too bad
It's ok but I rather have bought Samsung Galaxy Tab
A good starter tablet, but very very slow. Don't expect and I Pad savy child to enjoy this. But for a true beginner it would be fine.
At this price point it is very good. But having being used ipad the display doesnt look sharp. Amazon app store lacks content. Overall good for my 9 yr old.
I previously owned the Fire HD 7 and was excited about the HD 8. After getting the HD 8 and using it I started to notice how they were able to cut costs. The screen was not as crisp, the processor was slower and the speakers were not as loud as previous versions. Overall a good buy for the price but if you are expecting the quality that went into previous versions look elsewhere.
This device is a good if you are looking for a starter tablet for a young individual.
A good starter tablet, but very very slow. Don't expect and I Pad savy child to enjoy this. But for a true beginner it would be fine.
Christmas gift for 8 yr. Ended up returning. too slow and not enough content for our 8 yr old. Kids....... Great 2yr protection tho
Decent little tablet if you are not a game player. Tablet shuts down and I cant get it back on when I play games for long periods of time. It's not my ipad, that's for sure.
Decent little tablet if you are not a game player. Tablet shuts down and I cant get it back on when I play games for long periods of time. It's not my ipad, that's for sure.
Good tablet to take for my child to play on when out to dinner. Keeps him busy.
ok for price a little slow and doesn't have as many apps as google play.
Grandson became board with what it offers. Plug wears out fast
The built quality is great taking into considerarions its price. The tablet is pretty fast and responsive. However, Amazon's operating system is horrible. I miss a lot of apps that I use in my Apple devices, and some others that just don't work as good such as Mint and Netflix (don't have download capability). Also it won't work with my Chromecast devices...
Good size screen and clarity for the money. Seems fairly robust. The biggest problem is putting apps on it, at least free games. They do not have a great selection and when I put them on some of them require you turn on tracking so they can collect information or they won't let you play it
It was great product. the price which I got it was great.
This looked easy, but hard to setup if no experience with other than Apple products
Easy to use and lots of handy features. Downside is the ads that apparently can't be shut off and you can't upload and and play downloaded YouTube videos unless you are online.
I bought this for my 8year old son, he loves it just has very limited games on it
This tablet is grrrrrrreeeeeeeeaaaaaattttttt for the children!
This was a good tablet. I bought it for my Gf who basically only wanted it for Netflix and YouTube. The display was good, not great. The issue we had was that it kept dropping the wifi connection. This could have been a defect in this one tablet but we returned it and got another one.
Good tablet. Easy to use for 5 yr. Not as many free stuff as expected. Have to pay for most games, movies and books.
Not very fancy, but not slow. If you have Amazon Prime, you have a access to a great library of TV shows and Movies for free. Same goes for free book rentals. The Amazon App store is not so great, lots of apps are outdated but still work. Just not the latest versions you would expect. But the Amazon Underground appstore does offer free access to games you would normally pay for. It's decent for it's price and a good deal if you don't want anything fancy.
Good tablet but not as smooth as high end tablets. It's limited to Amazon so don't expect to do as much as an Android or iPad. I like mine and will continue to use it. I recommend using one if you can before buying.
Right after we bought it the charging port broke but it was very easy to get the tablet replaced and shipped to our house. It's not very operations friendly and comes with very little instruction.
I would recommend this tablet for an older child. Maybe 7 and up.
This is a good tablet for basic use. I ened up returning it and going with an iPad which met my needs more. This tablet would be good for someone with limited computer knowledge/use.
The tablet is pretty good, I would give it 5 stars if you are able to download an use apps from the Google store, that is one of my only big complaint. And also how fast the SD card got filled with items from Amazon OS that's on the tablet without the user knowing. On the other hand, With four kids using tablets as reward time it helps the kids free time is awesome it useful
The tablet is for my son who is 2. That being said I noticed blotches on the screen. Never returned it due to it not making a difference to my son. I will have to upgrade him in question few years anyway. The bumper is amazing.
I purchased 2 others for my 5 & 6yr-olds, and my 3yr-old niece enjoyed playing theirs so much I then bought this one for her. The included 1yr subscription to free-time is awsome for the kids! Parental controls are great, and included apps are helpful.The lower rating is because the charging port was extremely loose, as the cord falls out ALL the time! Very Frustrating!
Limited activities for my son to surf the web and do the things he likes to do!
I love this tablet and the games. But battery sucks. It goes dead really fast and it freezes up a lot.
Only good for kids and games. Battery life is good.
Son loves it........................................
This was easy to setup and easy to hand over to my 4 yr old. She loves the different games and apps that are available to her.
Bought the fire for my mother who is 72 to learn how to use a computer the price was right and she can use it to search the web
Good for alittle ones for games and movies picture not so clear but not expensive
These are great tablets for the kids and the price is wonderful with the warranty and the soft, yet bulky (a good thing in this instance) case. The only thing I wish, was that it could access the Google Play Store so my kids could watch the movies we have in our Google Play Movies account.
We purchased this kindle for our 3 yr old since it was lightweight and easy to use. If he would only let one of figure out apps and other functions. So the parental setting are great but havent gotten much further than that
I have 3 autistic kids and is great cause they can be rough .
fire tablet is very powerful for the size and does everything!
I am happy so far with this tablet. It offers great protection for use with kids but is a little pricey for the lackluster performance. Great for kids.
nice size, very clear but randomly shuts off. cant remove unwanted apps from the home screen. if you watch video..it buffers alot and laggs.
Got this for my 10 year old grandson. He really likes it a lot. This is good for kids to learn responsibility using tablets.
I didn't do any in depth research on this particular tablet. The price and speed were good for what I wanted it for. My only con is not being able to clear the home screen of apps or relocate them so I can see my personal home screen picture.
Overall this is a great product. It sometimes freezes with some of the games but other apps work great. Alexa is a great addition.
The Amazon Fire HD8 (2016 model) is a great tablet for the price; however, the Fire OS offers limited abilities to the user. Personally, I wish there were ways to mirror the screen to a tv without having to purchase a Fire TV streaming stick. Also, the inability to use the google play store is a major set back. If it weren't for those two complaint, I'd give this tablet 4 stars.
My daughter lovethis tablet.. only problem is it cant connect to my home wifi which is verizon
When this item is charged it works great, but it takes too long to charge. Asking my 3 year old to wait about 3 hours (no exaggerating) is a bit much. We have tried to buy a new charger and it still takes just as long. My niece has this same tablet and it take about 45 minutes to charge once it is fully dead
Tablet is great. I am trying to get my daughter use to the kindle. We started her at 10 months on an Ipad and thought it would be easier to get one her own tablet now that she is almost 2. Not so, she is struggling to navigate in the kindle. I am not able to transfer her games and movies.
My 5 yr old loves it, however we do experience some sound issues from time to time.
Would not take a charge, good thing i tried before wrapping it for Christmas.
Hard time getting the free apps to load and the voice app to turn off when my seven year old accedently turned it on.
I gave this as a gift for Christmas and still can't get it set up will have to go to geek squad to help
I really liked the build quality but the very lackluster performance and minuscule battery life didn't make it a keeper for me.
not good, hate it , never buy it again, sucks. done
It's unfair for me to rate this product cause I have not even taken it out of the box to set it up.
After buying this tablet for my grandchildren I was going through the initial setup procedure.That's where I was surprised to learn that after using this tablet for a year I would be charged fees to continue with the selected programs I used for a year.Time to take it back to the store. No hidden fees.
Nothing but problems after a month. Luckily I could take it back and get a credit for the kindle to put towards an ipad. It started off working fine then after a month it started losing internet connection randomly (while the old ipad had no problems). Then it stopped charging, never got past 1%. Tried different outlets, different android chargers. Nothing. Worthless
So slow returning mine for something different any suggestions
Bought it for my 5 yr old daughter and for some reason it did not work. This is the second time I've purchased this and had to return it. So I will get her a mini iPad. Never again will I waste my time and money.
I bought it and wrapped it up immediately. So I couldn't say either way if it was good or not.
I have to say this was not that great a purchase and we will most likely be taking advantage of it's greatest product feature, which is the ability to return it for a full refund. We wanted a smaller tablet for our kids, well this is smaller in every way, options are limited and we have realized that we are better off just letting the kids use our tablet so we can buy the newest one. This thing may go back to the store as soon as tonight.
I purchased this item for my 7yr old daughter. We like it but we can't get the pictures of the apps to show
Its a nice little set up but it's slow. I wish I would have investigated them a little more before just jumping in.
I like the ipad its very helpful my son has learned alot and i hope that it will help other kids too as they prepare for pre k
You can not block Bing and it shows "trending now" News content. This can not be deleted or blocked. It also types ahead and adds content.
This is decent reader and Netflix device. Lots of bugs and gotchas when trying to use - icons going off screen, random locking, random performance hits while doing the same task. Returned. Buying an iPad mini 2. The build quality is just not there.
This is going to be a Christmas gift for my granddaughter so we don't know how good it is yet but we where going to put so games on it so it is ready to go and we couldn't because you have to have a amazon account to do anything with it.
If you shop on Amazon all the time, this will help make it easier still. Lots of ads pop up, and you can't use apps from non-Amazon sources unless you root it, and that is complicated. This is not a realistic alternative to an iPad or Galaxy Note. If you just want to a device to shop on Amazon with, you'll love it.
It's a good piece of technology it's just not connecting to the wifi
In my opinion it's very slow for internet use. Good for our 5 yr old to use but we purchased this for her to do online curriculums, which is almost impossible to do with this tablet because of the speed. Our internet connection is great with every other laptop and computer in the house.
In my opinion it's very slow for internet use. Good for our 5 yr old to use but we purchased this for her to do online curriculums, which is almost impossible to do with this tablet because of the speed. Our internet connection is great with every other laptop and computer in the house.
I'm disappointed that it doesn't have a mirror display mode.
Thought it was to be better than what it is. Mother in law can play games an Facebook on it. Next time I will buy her a samsung
I am disappointed that this is not more toddler friendly. It is a kindle inside a kid proof case. You have to set up child locks, etc. My biggest complaint is most of the games that are available you have to be connected to the internet. I wanted something to take to church, in the car, etc.
my kids have this. it works okay for things like youtube or netflix. Apps take longer to load and many games that you can get for the iPad aren't available on the Fire Tablet. Still say go with Mac.
It's nice to have parental controls, but app grouping and bugs with apps hurts the experience. Parents will still need to look over child's shoulder to ensure games/apps are appropriate. Battery life is absolutely terrible.
volume is a problem we have to take off the protective case for it to sound clear.
I really wanted to give this device a chance but I did end up returning it. It's a HUGE upgrade though over the cheaper 7" version. Honestly I don't think anyone should purchase that. If your budget can handle getting this version and you are heavily invested in the Amazon ecosystem (i.e. Prime member) this will make a great tablet. I think it is intended more for kids though than adults. Having iPads in the house we tried this with our toddler as a cheaper tablet for her but the interface and quirks of the Amazon OS just were not worth the hassle. Will end up seeking out a used iPad Mini 2 instead of this.
My kids really like this and if your buying a tablet for kids it's worth it, but maybe not so great for adults.
Its fast, connects well, every amazon aspect of life you could possibly want is on here. Thats what I didnt expect, it being my first tablet. Amazon gets in your face about all its promos and products every time i turn it on. Its so annoying. -But its very handy, very sleek, easy to use and connects quick to any wifi acess around. However its limited on games and its app store is c.r.a.p compared to android. So ehhh 50/50.
Not many apps. The first one was already returned...no power issue after 1week..I hope the second one is fine...
I'm a big fan of Amazon and their products, but this tablet is just ok. The build quality is great and the image is very good, but the software is mediocre at best. Worth the price.
It is just an average tablet. Bit slow but is a good option for people on budget
This Kindle was purchased on the black friday sale. At the time I felt it was a steal at that price. The first tablet I purchased a few years ago was the original Kindle Fire, the following year I purchased an iPad mini and now have the iPad mini 4. As you may already know, the iPad does not have explandable memory. This Kindle can have expanded memory to 200GB so that was a good selling point for me. After setting this new Kindle Fire up, I noticed that viewing photos were not as clear as the original iPad mini even without retina display, and the color had a greenish-yellowish tint to it. Some may not notice this if they do not have something else to compare it to. I'm a pro photographer so this was quite unaceptable to me. I was not expecting perfection with the colors but people's skin tones appeared greenish as if they were Vulcans. I also like to read tech manuals and magazines of which many are in PDF format. The Kindle will read this format but the Kindle Fire after all these years still cannot display the cover art from pdf books, etc.; it displays an acrobat pdf document logo instead. If you have a large library of pdfs you have to read through the document titles instead of being able to select by seeing the cover of the book. That was enough for me, I've been spoiled by the ease of use of the iPad and the display with accurate colors. Back to the store for a prompt refund it went. Overall..still a good deal but if you are used to an iPad for the reasons I am..you may be disappointed.
Slow processor equates to slow internet browsing. User I nterface is ok. Really wish it had the capability to lock onto the movie screen while my toddler watches movies. Next time I'll just spend the additional money on an iPad mini for my kids.
Not sure why, but it kept freezing and ended up having to return it. Very disappointing
I bought this Kindle for my 7 year old grand-daughter. I bought a warranty for it. I bought it in August, I have already had to replace it. The charger connection got loose and was not charging. Well, it has happened again. I will need to exchange it again. The problem is that I have to buy the warranty each time. I was going to buy one for her brothers and sister, but I am now rethinking that.
Battery dies after an hour...should last longer for the money. Will not bold charge.
Needs to be more simpler. parental contorl still need to be better
A few problems with games loading but over all good
It was ok. You need Internet. The SDmini is a hassle.
Seemed to be fine as Chtistmas gift for granddaughter. However, today she reported that it wouldn't turn on or charge today. Supposed to have two year unconditional guarantee. Don't know where to take it.
I bought 2 of these tablets for my two youngest children. They had a lot of options to chose from as far as children apps go, but they were already familiar with the iPad since they stole mine all the time. Lol. That made it hard for them as well as myself to figure out how to use at first. Besides that, it's a good product.
For a five year old this worked fine but was a bit slow loading games. But 5 year olds these days want it immediately. Like the kid friendly free books and games. It worked well with downloaded Disney movies and Netflix. May have to get one for 2 year old suster they both live it
I bought the 8" version on impulse because of an excellent offer on Black Friday. As an Amazon product, it offers Amazon apps. While you can get Google Play apps, it requires some hoops. I just discovered I can't save movies from Netflix because that only applies to the HDX version. So this product has limits. But used as a Kindle reader, or to get email via wifi, or other uses (wifi only) while traveling where you wouldn't want to take an expensive device, it is a good choice.
it was great for reading but the lag time for loading videos was a little bit longer than an iPad
Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK
Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK
I absolutely love how u. An switch from dif accounts
Kids will love this tablet, has a camera and kids can make movies with it. Wonderful for a child with a good imagination
Got this for my 9 year old and several games that he wants to play are not accessible on this tablet. Seems like this is geared more towards younger kids. Case is good though and keeps tablet safe. Would be tough to break!!
I got 2 of this for kids 5 and 3 it is a pretty good tablet, easy to navigate for the children but (and this is on me for not researching) but kid content is only free for a year, after that you gotta pay a monthly fee which is cheaper if you are a prime member, but still...Now reason why I'm about to return them! You CANNOT get YouTube kids at all! No google apps. You can get some YouTube kids clones on the adult profile and add them to the kid's profile but they stink. They're full of commercials.So I wasn't expecting this tablet to be like an iPad but this is a deal breaker for me.
This is not a bad product. Amazon offers greats products but this tablet was missing features even for a basic tablet. The lack of google chrome compatibility made this tablet not right for me.
I bought this to replace an older kindle that broke. It has more features, like front/ rear facing camera and better resolution screen. I feel like it doesn't work as well though. The screen doesn't always respond. The Internet freezes a lot. The colors seem to be a little off. All in all, still a decent piece for the price.
At first I wanted to return this product, I bought it for my 2 yr old. I decided to keep it bc my husband liked it and of course my daughter likes it. I dnt like the fact you cant use the audible app on the kids version. I also bought it so my daughter could be independent, as far as the books none of them are read aloud. She came maneuver the games and movies tho. Its an ok product tho, I love Amazon. My daughter still likes my Samsung Tab better. Would recommend for older kids.
She uses it every day. She can't get enough of it.
I bought this for my two year old grandson but the restrictions were too much.
These are great tablets for the kids and the price is wonderful with the warranty and the soft, yet bulky (a good thing in this instance) case. The only thing I wish, was that it could access the Google Play Store so my kids could watch the movies we have in our Google Play Movies account.
I'm planning on returning this tablet just as soon as I can!`
When my husband and I bought our Kindle Fire 8, we went to Best Buy and asked questions as best we could. There are programs we apparently need to put create and edit documents and spreadsheets!! We did ask if it had those features and was told yes but I think we need to have a special app. Why isn't there a manual or step by step guide on getting the most use out of Kindle Fire 8. Can I get it online? Kindle Fire 8 fun to use but needs more info for customers. Can we go to a class at Best Buy? Thanks for any help.
Its cheap, but the you will notice the low screen resolution compared to iPad. App is somewhat limited unless you side load it.
This is a good tablet for children and adults too. However there is an issue with the port and charger cable. We did not even have this tablet 3 weeks before it would barley charge. Took it back to best buy and they said they could not fox it, and imagine the port is not covered under the manufacturer warranty. So now I have a tablet that takes a couple days to charge. Its really frustrating.
the amount i paid for the tablet is worth it on sale.
Hoped this Fire HD 8 would be faster than my old HD Fire...not so much, I guess I expected the new Fire HD 8 to perform better but it still lags and is slow to load information while surfing the Internet. My wife's Ipad is light years ahead on this one, but what do you expect from a 60-70 dollar tablet.
I was hoping he would not want to put it down, like the other tablet he had (sprout chubby )But he stills wants my phone.
This is a good product for video, surfing and reading. However this version has dropped all android support as far as I can tell. I have a couple of apps that run on my old Fire just fine but are extremely problematic on this one. There is one app I use everyday but it doesn't work on this new Fire, so I have to keep the old one around. Kind of inconvenient. I would recommend seeing if your app is supported on this Fire before dropping the money.
I was completely under the impression that this tablet was child friendly but there are no built in restrictions so my son was able to purchase numerous apps and movies. My son usually uses my wife's ipad so I thought this tablet would be a good replacement but the interface is geared towards adults not a young child. If you buy this tablet, IMMEDIATELY change the settings to require a PIN to make purchases.I think the age recommendation should be 5+ not 3+.
horrible...just like the other 7 i have owned ONLY due to warranties
I bought this for 3 year old to replace an older Ipad. it was functional but no where near level of ipad. This is understandable based on price difference/ I returned to store.
I have had every version of the Kindle since the week it was introduced and jumped at the chance for a Kindle Fire. I replaced the first one I had in 2014 and it was everything I wanted except this past summer it started overheating and got nonresponsive in the midday heat. So...I got this one. First of all I miss Swype. WHY get rid of it? Secondly I cannot put two of my favorite apps (which work on my old one) to work on this but lastly and most importantly: every once in awhile the screen freezes with a bunch of code "shimmering" in the background and only turning it off and/or leaving it for awhile brings it back to life AND it turns itself off. It seems to happen when I close a program and move to a new one. Aggravating and not what I expect from a product with which I have been happy in the past.
I'll give it 3 starts because it's a decent tablet. But if the screen messes up when I'm trying to use it i can't imagine how my granddaughter feels.
Good for little kids, it runs a little slow though
Great for the kids but not much space for all the apps they want.
I bought this for my 2-year old. She liked it for the first few days and then she went back to playing with my ipad. If I hadn't already introduce her to the ipad, I think she would have been fine with this.
Nice tablet for the price. Just wish it had bluetooth.
I had to sideload google play services to be able to download from the google play store or use google chrome as a web browser, as this tablet was designed to be exclusive to Amazon.
Will not seem to charge all the way and this is my 7th Kindlle.
Good features for kids, but definitely not enough storage. You'll need to get an SD card and set things to download to that or it will freeze and stop working.
Need to have some computer savvy. Wound be much more helpful if it came with a simple basic instructions.
This is just a regular fire tablet that has protective case.
I baught 2 for my kids, and figured that with the cover the the one year of freetime which includes all the videos, apps and games then it makes sense. I baught this one as a gift for a kid overseas, and all the content is not playing, when I contacted amazon, they said it's not for overseas, although I asked in Best Buy before I buy it and they assured me it works everywhere. It's totally overpriced for a tablet that doesn't play anything! Best Buy should know and let customers know specially when u ask specifically!
Picture quality is not good. I don't like this product
Super slow, not of decent quality.I would not buy another. Memory on it is lacking for 8 gig. I will not recommend it to anyone
this item is not good ok ...no use for my kids ,,,
I originally looked at a Samsung in the store to purchase for my just turned 2 year old. The salesperson talked me into buying this tablet. It would be great for an older child, as the learning games preloaded are pretty advanced. They are way over my child's head and he is advanced for his age. I thought that I might just be able to go to the Playstore and download the learning games that I wanted from there but it will not let me access that. Very disappointed. We don't really even use it. Maybe next year.
Prob good for price but to many bugs. Freezes up often and games don't always load
Hard to connect to the internet. Extremely slow to load apps. Not many free apps like apple. The only thing I really like is the protection it offers.
The last 2 models of Kindle HDX 8 have been terrible. We have purchased 2 of each model of Kindle and up until the last 2 models, they have been great. Last years had to be replaced 7 or 8 times and for the same problem. The slot for the SD card is defective. I gave up and bought the newest model. It shuts completely down if you try to plug it in to external speakers and sometimes it shuts down for no reason. It's going back after the first of the year. This is going to be my last year for Kindles unless they make them the same quality as before. Phooey!
Cumbersome, complicated and not kid friendly..... went with Apple, suggesting you do too.
I would would not recommend this for a child. It's not kid friendly at all. I have purchased 4 of them for my grandson and nephews and 3 was was damaged within a couple months. I think this product is is a better fit for adults.
When i purchased 2 if them i assumwd it would be kid friendly. Its fill with tons of bloat wear. The opening screen has about 15 -20 apps. It worse than a normal adult tablet. my kids dont use it at all because we have to unlock it for them everytime then open the kids app. Then we have to hover over them to help them ever step of the way.
Worse graphics, won't keep a wireless connection,overall not satisfied
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife and things started out well but lately my wife has been having issues with it. It hasn't been working as it should and its only been a little over 2 months since she's had it. I'm going to try a hard reset on it and see if that helps.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife and things started out well but lately my wife has been having issues with it. It hasn't been working as it should and its only been a little over 2 months since she's had it. I'm going to try a hard reset on it and see if that helps.
Not able to play youtube that's what my daughter likes.
I didn't find it useful for my 4yr old daugter so i returned it the other day.All the games in it r so kiddy games.
Dont have option for password ask you before buying apps once you authorized as allow its done.Not as many free good apps Like apple have it
I had to return this product as it was not compatible with things such as Facebook and Itunes... which is what I needed it for. Great if you are into books and streaming movies!
I had to return this product as it was not compatible with things such as Facebook and Itunes... which is what I needed it for. Great if you are into books and streaming movies!
Nice tablet but as usual with these items no instructions on how to get started
Overall I wasn't too impressed with his tablet. Actually returned it for an iPad mini bc my kid like it better and it was easier to use.
I was expecting an Android device and discovered it was an "Android like" device. My fault for not reading up on his device before hand. I returned the Amazon Fire and bought a Samsung Tab E.I probably would recommend this tablet if you wanted a device for reading.
I purchased this for my 4 year old to play. It was not as user friendly as described and VERY slow. It keeps pausing and freezing up, which is frustrating for anyone using it. I was told that I would receive 20 off of the prime subscription, however, that was not offered when registering this product. It may be good for some, but it was not a good fit for us.
I went with this tablet based on many good customer reviews, but my experience was not a good one. From the start I was on the phone every day for at least an hour with Amazon tech support for one issue or another. Most of the techs were very polite, but not all knew the product very well. At one point I asked one of them about trying to save some RAM and they kept referring me to the storage, which told me they didn't even know the difference between RAM and regular storage. The internet browser was basic and it ran very slow at times, even when all my other wifi devices ran great. Then a day would pass and I'd be trying to type an email and the keyboard would just stop working...wtf??? Come to find out it's a "known issue" and "they're working on it". After two weeks of one thing after another I got fed up and just returned it. I wanted it to work, and gave it a good run, but just not quality stuff. To me it was like Walmart trying to build their own computer when they're obviously not a computer manufacturer, neither is Amazon. If I were you I'd look at a regular Android tablet from a reputable PC manufacturer, which is exactly what I did next. I got an ASUS tablet for only a few dollars more, and it's unbelievable. 1000% better in comparison to the Amazon Fire HD8. Save yourself the aggravation and go with ASUS or some other company that is specifically in the computer business full time. Sorry Amazon, not this time!
bought this during black friday (actually Thursday). ok for price. but not cool i had to buy extra storage for not a great price.
I had fire hdx 8 and loved it, unfortunately got damaged and could not replace. I purchased the fire HD 8 and exchanged n pay difference for fire HD 10. The 8 did not have a lot of options I was used to. :(
Very basic. If you need more than the basics, look for an Android tablet.
Good starter unit. Easy for a beginner to use. Priced low to give you a taste of the tablet world.
I'm used to a n iPad so I wasnt impressed with the kindle. I found it hard to navigate
Got this for my 8yo daughter. A lot of the times it doesn't work, I have to restart it a lot, and it only has 3 apps that I added on it. It came with way too many pre-loaded apps, and the most annoying thing is that the kids profile is permanently horizontal. Not really worth the money for me, but at least she's playing her Inside Out bubble game on her own tablet instead of my IPad.
Not a lot of memory, dies fast. Great games........
The specs are good, feels solid, can't stand the OS. Too many ads you can't get rid of, not as customizable as I'd like. If that doesn't bother you, it's a good tablet for the price. Don't expect to run games on it, not powerful enough for that.
Very difficult to connect to You Tube. Very frustrating
Bought as gift for senior. Setup process could be easier.
Does everything I need thank you. Alight small package easy to take anywhere
This is one of the perfect tab for kids, I bought it for my niece and she loved it.
I cannot believe i bought this junk. It's always in freezing mode and i have to reboot it multiple times within a given hour. None of the apps work properly. I have tried to update the op. system, but that didnt help.
I bought this tablet for my son and I don't like it. The touch screen is very poor quality. It's hard to move things around on it when he is playing a game. He prefers my iPad than to use his own. I know the iPad quality is probably the best quality but it's way under that! Very frustrating. Will be returning it.
I brought this tablet during the Black Friday sale fast forward to Christmas when my 6 year opens it he was happy I set it up for him two days later it crashed never came back on. Blank screen. He was disappointed and so was I .
My toddler did not like this tablet. It was a bit slow for her. Instead, she preferred an iPad over the Kindle Kids version.
This product wouldn't turn on nor charge and then store couldn't locate another one for me.
I have only had this Amazon Fire Hd8 since December 6, 2016 and it has already quit charging.
Maybe I had higher expectationin general i will not recommend since the service of Amazon solving situations is not as good as in other products, I've had so much troubles with the amazon free time, I am even not longer using it (it was one of the "big" features on the advertisment. I will recommend to look for other alternatives before to take a decision on buying this product
Didn't want to go to the sites amazon wanted me to.
It all of a sudden has stoped charging I have only used it a few times in the short time off purchase. Can I get a replacement or how best can I be helped
This product is not user friendly much less kid friendly. Took them back for samsungs.
did not power up...at all. I am so happy that my grand-niece wasn't here and doesn't know about this yet, she would have been crying.
Not a good product short battery life i can only use for 20 minutes
Works well but lacks forward control of screen and right and left movement on keyboard. Good foor short notes but could never do any substantial typing on this without external keyboard. Good for basic websurfing and email.
Wish it was a bit faster loading and browsing, but functions as you would expect for kid friendly product. I would spend the extra money next time for a tablet designed for adults but had strong parental controls
Slow performance and charging port very low poor quality it gets frozen most of the times
The tablet itself was nice, but the screen was to small for books, videos, and minecraft.
So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all...
After owning the kids Samsung, this seems confusing to navigate. Also they have returned to using the Samaumg
You get what you pay for. Playtime works when it wants to. Went on a long trip and the videos we downloaded had issues playing most of the time. My son is almost 2. He gets bored of it quickly. The pros are the price and it is well protected externally.
works great for the price.but it shoves amazon stuff down your hroat like the fire tv.and is linked to your amazon 1 click buy if you haveit set up that way.
still playing with it, figuring out what I can & can't do. I love the tangerine color I got. One thing for sure, some apps I have on my phone like redbox & instagram they are not in the amazon app store so I can't put them on the tablet. Wish I could.
Works well. But does not offer access to the apple or android App Store. Without the apps that I need, this tablet is not as useful.
the first worked fine for three weeks then stopped. took back and got a replacement. this one lasted almost a month. again took it back and was told I had to deal with Amazon.Found out thru Amazon webpage that units simply froze up and how to reset it. Was upset that store associate knew nothing about the product. Had to research everything myself.
I have a few issues with this tablet. Mainly the fact that I can't get Google services on it, not even YouTube. Aside from that, the biggest downfall is the charging. The port is very loose and comes undone easily and the charge doesn't hold for very long.
It takes forever to download apps. I'm returning it will be getting something else.
Had it for about a week and now it won't take charge, tried new chargers and still not taking charge. Happy with tablet but unhappy about not chatging
Great case ok tablet no Android play store. Weak micro usb port. It's isn't an straight out the box tablet. Had to install Android play store on it. And as far as the charging port goes I'm on my 3rd one but best buy are the best with their return policy...
I bought this because I have ebooks in college. Not only could I not get my ebook. I called the school IT department. They could not either. My semester was already started. The sales representative at the store told me this is what I needed. I ended up buying a tablet from my phone carrier and my ebooks were right there in less than 5 minutes with the schools IT department help.
I bought this because I have ebooks in college. Not only could I not get my ebook. I called the school IT department. They could not either. My semester was already started. The sales representative at the store told me this is what I needed. I ended up buying a tablet from my phone carrier and my ebooks were right there in less than 5 minutes with the schools IT department help.
i Bought this around black friday for $60 hoping it would be awesome... it failed so hard i tried multiple different micro SD cards none of which were recognized and YES i formated them with every format i could think of ... Fat32, NTFS, Fat, Xfat... i even tried to have the tablet do it... didnt work... to make matters worse half the apps i wanted to use werent in the app store and i came to find out that it isnt linked to the normal google play store this tablet has its own app store which is missing many common apps... the main reason i bought this was to play clash of clans and i cant because it wasnt on the app store... i tried to also use aftermarket play stores to play COC but it didnt work... launched and played 1 time but didnt work or update after that... needless to say i returned it and bought a $250 samsung galaxy tab A 10.1 (2016 version) with S-pen and its WAYYYYY better... bottom line you get what you pay for... also hint the s-pen version has an extra 1 GB of ram over the non pen version... so you should get that if you can afford the extra $50...
Perfect for that age group that I bought it for she 10and loves it.
Unable to download the Instagram app. which stinks
The first Fire HD8 we purchased died within 1 week of purchase. We had to go back and exchange it for a new one. Not a good sign so far.
The touch and loading the content is very bad, it doesn't respond quickly and it very slow
I loved this tablet. I did! BUT I did not love that I was being sold ads every time I powered up! I loathe even more that I would have had to pay $15 to discontinue that feature. Amazon if you want $105 dollars for the Kindle Fire, charge it! but don't under price the device, and then flash ads at the the consumer at every opportunity. It is unbecoming of you! I returned this item pronto!
I hate amazon app store. Nothing good in there. The tablet is too slow for what I do... it is good for reading only....
We found there to be too many pop up ads and returned it.
This Kindle is so overloaded with apps that I will never use. Despite what one of Best Buys' associates said, you cannot remove any of the Amazon apps. The apps take up too much of the memory. I have an I Pad and love but bought this as a backup for work. Unfortunately, it bogs down. I also don't like that Amazon wants access to too much info to set up email, so I won't use this for emails either. I will likely sell it on Craig's List for less than half of what I paid for it.
I think I downloaded 6 new apps. I wait to surf the web. This thing is so slow to respond. My old refurbished iPad is better. I really only bought it to stream Hulu and Netflix. I'm not excited about lighting up the home screen to find advertisements every day, but I guess you get what you pay for. I wanted inexpensive, I got it! Don't buy this if you are used to using quick responding electronics.
Touch response is not so good. so my kid refused to play games on this.Returned this product. Thanks to Bestbuy for the full refund
I bought the kindle fire 8 for my husband and I to use. Neither one of us have been able to figure out how to use it. Every time we open it advertisements pop up. And we just try buttons to remove it. We cannot get it to rotate for our puzzles. Just too complicated to use and to navigate around. I will be returning it. We have an iPad and it's much easier.
Aside from the fact that the saleman told me that the tablet would be able to get all the same apps that an Android tablet would be able to get from the playstore, which was hilariously wrong, this product would never connect to the internet correctly. I had to reset the internet every single time on the table for my son to use it, starting from day one and up. My son loved having the electric device and I didn't take it back for those reasons, but now 60 days out, the thing doesn't even charge anymore and I'm having to take it back in. At least I bought the warrenty, because this is literally a huge waste of money. I'd rather have spent $500 on a different tablet than this garbage.
Wry basic, but I guess, it's ok for the price. Bought for a 6 year old.
You get what you pay for... This is not great, the functionality and limitations leave much to be desired. Should have spent more and got another Samsung Galaxy Tab.
I received an email asking if I would like to give my review and I am glad that I did. I purchased this less than 2 months ago and it has already quit working. It will not charge and it will no longer power on. All I have is a black screen. When it did work, it dropped internet quite frequently and froze several times during use. I would not recommend this product.
It was working great then all of a sudden it wouldnt come on
I purchase this tablet for my son and it was very disappointing on the 3 exchanges I had to do. First the charger was not working, second the free time was not connecting and third exchange it was freezing. So many good reviews for this tablet but it did not work for me.
This is the 2nd one I have bought. The first one went out before the 1 year. I contacted Amazon and the warranty for these was only 90 days. It is a good tablet for kids, but if you are looking for something long term. I would spend the extra $$ for at least something that has a 1 year limited warranty.
Not very user friendly and intuitive.Very limited capabilities and apps.Good for viewing movies.Very limited language capabilities other than English and a few other languages.Apps are downloaded, but can't be found.
Freeze frequently... No way to trouble shoot or repair it...
Very slow performance and sometimes applications freeze up and don't work very well , charging port very low quality
There's not much difference in the regular Kindle. Wait till it goes on sale.
Didn't have some of the features I was looking for. Returned it the next day. May be good for others
Slow response. Wait 5 sec to turn a page. Frustrating. Best Buy says too bad so sad for me.
The wifi would drop often to where I could not listen to Spotify or other services without buffering.
7 year old boy broke it in less than 2 months even with the bumper guard on. Won't power up. When it WAS working, very limited on storage. Ran out of space in 1 hour, so the wifi wouldn't work. Had go in and explain to him he couldn't download more than a hand full of apps at a time. Doesn't matter now since it won't even turn on or charge.
Worked great but after awhile I wouldn't unlock. After I'd enter my pin, the screen would go black. I took it to geek squad (luckily I bought the protection plan!) and told me they don't fix them they just replace them. So I got another one but that one did the exact same thing. Ended up returning that one too.
The tablet works fine. It is responsive with good resolution. It is too tied to Amazon. It requires too many hoops to get apps such as Zinio to work. Until Amazon loosens its grip, I recommend only at a very good price.
This product works, but works slow compared to Apple and some Android phones/tablets. Like I stated in my summary... you pay for what you get. No major issues thus far.
This is not an upgrade by any means! My three year old kindle outperformed Oasis.Battery life better than a week with the lights on lowest setting Magnetic connector is poorly designed and grows weak Two pieces to keep up with; unsnaps constantly Amazon Customer Services promises it will resolved in an update
Th size difference is noticeable and squarish rather then rectangular, which I prefer. The Kindle unit itself is rather nice, the auto rotate and adjust being the best part. I returned this item b/c the cover is flimsy. and I was afraid I would drop it and break the kindle.
Easy to carry in purse or pocket but doesn't do anything better than the cheapest Kindle reader.
This is not the first kindle i buy, but the others were for my kids or gifted to kids so they broke at some point. This one was for me, i didnt hurry to buy a cover as i am a veeery careful person. Well i was sorry to see the back (yes, the back) cracked within a month, no drop whatsoever, i keep it on my bedside table to read at night.
It's my 3rd purchase of the amazon Fire. Got extended warranty. So basically getting the next one at 50% off next year
I found this devices battery very poor and also didn't like this device can't support screen share capabilities with my Amazon Fire TV or Smart TV's.
I wish the tablet was faster and more consistent. It is ok as a first tablet, but not for someone who has owned many and wants to do many things with it.
I bought this as a gift to my parents. The unfortunate part was that I was a little misinformed about the connectivity between the tablet and a chrome cast that I purchases as well as part of the gift. The tablet is not compatible with the table and that was a little disappointing. Other than that, it's an alright product.
Good tablet for kids. Lots of appts to download for games
Brought this for my 8 yr old son. He cannot put it down. Would recommend this product.
This tablet overall is okay,there are few problems that i face with this tablet. Charging this tablet takes little longer than the average tabletSome of the application is not available through amazon store app
Too bad Amazon turned this tablet into a big advertising tool. Many apps dont work and the camera is not good.
It's an ok tablet because you need to have an Amazon account in order to download free apps
Not easy to navigate and download apps to the device
for 33 dollars its a great option. although it was a black friday special its perfect for kids especially considering the amount of damage it can handle!
This does everything your smart phone does but with a larger screen for easier browsing and input.
I liked it at first except the browser is kind of clunky. Also you can. It use all android Apps. The worst thing though was mine just stopped working in the middle of watching a movie on a long plane flight. It was fully charged. I have tried recharging and turning on etc. it is just a blank screen and off. Kind of a cool paperweight. Hope I can get my money back. Or get a new one.
bought a few kindles in the past but this time one of it came defective. the port was bent and it was hard to charge but still possible. comes in 4 different color. was 16gb enough space for kids, has camera, ok quality not the best but ok for pics taken by kids
I bought a Kindle Fire 16GB for my 6 year old son in June. After 4 months the charging port came loose and the device will not charge. Best Buy is aware of the issue and will do nothing about it. Amazon will not warranty their product for more than 90 days and they said the charging ports often break if children are using them! They have no options to fix the device and only offer a small discount if I buy a new one. Amazon does not stand behind this product. They are aware of the defect and continue to sell these.
Great purchase for a 9-year old girl. Easy way for peaceful long car rides.
The protector was not made for the Fire 7 as it was to large and had no directions that were coherent. Worse purchase from Best Buy ever.
I ordered this online on black Friday, I live about 30 miles from nearest store and I saw the special on their website, so why not I thought. Came in yesterday. Maybe it's just because I'm not familiar with this product; I'm used to Android tablets that have you set up with your Google account. This one you set up with your Amazon account. OK, no big deal I thought, at first. Then I found it very difficult to install the free 6 month Webroot it came with. I went to Google Play as instructed, it says installed, but there is no Open button to click to continue the process, as instructed. When I contacted Amazon customer support, I was told I can't use Google Play on it and to use the app store instead. I was given a link for Webroot installation but it didn't help. I downloaded Google Chrome but can't find it on the device. No youtube, facebook, gmail apps; won't install. Again, maybe I'm just not used to the product but if I can't use Google apps on it, I won't like this. It's actually for my son and even though teens are often smarter than we adults when it comes to gadgets, LOL, I don't think he will like this either. So I'm returning this; hopefully can find an Android tablet I like (and affordable) at Best Buy.
My first tablet was a Kindle. I was curious about the updated version. Very disappointed
I I thought the buy For my child bc the kids mode but it was very poor
Loved my husbands 4th generation disappointed in my 5th generation. 4th generation has 2 speakers and sound is much louder than the current 5th generation. I purchased this expecting the same quality in sound, or better, since I use the kindle to watch my TV shows.
Bought this tablet for 8 year old. It holding up good & she loves it. She enjoys playimg her games & being able to get on the internet.
I like the size of this tablet. I have small hands and it fits. Needs to have a cover a little slippery. Easier to handle than my iPad
I wish it has some more of the apps from the play store some are just not there
Kindle is good as long as it is plugged into a wall outlet. The battery lasts a mere 15 minutes as a portable unit. Not happy with this. Takes an hour to charge the battery to 100% yet drains in 15 minutes. There`s something mathematically wrong with this equation.
I purchased this since I bought my grandson this tablet for Christmas. The tablet is slow, considering price that's OK.I have problems with the charger, it won't charge when I am using the tablet, the charger needs to be plugged in and not moved for it to charge.For the price the tablet is OK.
Personally I'd say buy the newer 6 inch fire. But you do get more for your money getting the older one.
It's a good device for children because they don't know any better
Decent little tablet if you are not a game player. Tablet shuts down and I cant get it back on when I play games for long periods of time. It's not my ipad, that's for sure.
Serves the purpose for which it was bought, ; I.e. Facebook
Not a substitute for an iPad, but a really good tablet for reading and minimal internet usage.
This tablet is a good kids tablet and or for prime users. Not a laptop replacement or for non amazon users
is a God tablet but the camera could be a little better
It's a little slow, and the camera isn't the best, but for the price it's fine
I bought this a first tablet. I'm disappointed in the battery life. I sort of expected better especially as I got hooked on online games.
It's great for beginners, like children, but very limiting for me. I can't use many apps because it doesn't allow me to use the Google play store.
My daughter has had this tablet for almost 2 months and it works well.
It is too heavy for its size! I purchased it to replace a larger Nook, and find that it weighs as much. Screen is attractive but it even with a good signal in public places, hanging on to Wifi is difficult. It is not efficient when downloading (buffering, buffering...) and I am still debating returning it for another tablet.
I do not like this Tablet one bit. It has to be registered with Amazon for it to function and it failed every time. I finally had to resort to calling Amazon's customer service, also not an easy task, to get it registered. There seems to be glitch in the programming, because when it failed again, I had to follow the same steps all over again to get it registered. I would highly recommend skipping this tablet and getting one that is not tied to any one company's operations, programming, or software.
I enjoy all the features on the Fire 7 tablet!!!!!
In my opinion it's very slow for internet use. Good for our 5 yr old to use but we purchased this for her to do online curriculums, which is almost impossible to do with this tablet because of the speed. Our internet connection is great with every other laptop and computer in the house.
I got it because it was smaller and lighter than the original kindle fire. It is not as easy to operate as the original kindle fire.
Hi,I ordered this for my daughter who has an extensive liking of tablets. She didnt like it because of lack of google play services and she didnt have the patience to work with it. I knew that the os is only amazon specific but despite the apps that can be downloaded, she was disappointed. I returned it.If you are an avid amazon person, the tablet works great, if you want a google tablet, this isn't for you. I would recommend these for people that want a good decent tablet that they can read and use amazon apps on.
No instructions. Either paper or electronic. How do I transfer apps & data from old kindle to new one 9
Too proprietary, the apps my daughter liked I could not install on it for her so basically it was worthless for me and I returned it.
Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK
Screen larger than phone. Visual better...........
I purchased this tablet a week ago as a gift for my brother and it has restarted itself over ten times and has shut off while someone was on in on different occasions Will be getting my money back and getting a samsung..
Hard to use, Lots of ads, and Randomly closes apps
Not as good as before the old kindle, just seams to work better
Very cheap and was not impressed at all never again
Well not as good as I thought but works fine for my children.
The last 2 models of Kindle HDX 8 have been terrible. We have purchased 2 of each model of Kindle and up until the last 2 models, they have been great. Last years had to be replaced 7 or 8 times and for the same problem. The slot for the SD card is defective. I gave up and bought the newest model. It shuts completely down if you try to plug it in to external speakers and sometimes it shuts down for no reason. It's going back after the first of the year. This is going to be my last year for Kindles unless they make them the same quality as before. Phooey!
This is not like other android tablets in a bad way.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife and things started out well but lately my wife has been having issues with it. It hasn't been working as it should and its only been a little over 2 months since she's had it. I'm going to try a hard reset on it and see if that helps.
When I first bought it and got it started it wouldn't register my amazon account. I tried making a new account and I tried using my moms account but it would not work so I took it back and had geek squad look at it and they claimed it was defective and exchanged it for another one and the new one works wonderfully, haven't had any issues with it yet.
Dont have option for password ask you before buying apps once you authorized as allow its done.Not as many free good apps Like apple have it
I had to return this product as it was not compatible with things such as Facebook and Itunes... which is what I needed it for. Great if you are into books and streaming movies!
We purchased this tablet for our 5 y ear old since all the other kid-friendly tablets were limited it what they had on them. Something should be changed regarding the port for the charger. The little area with the small bar in it keeps bending to the point, 5 months later it broke off and of course the warranty has ended. I am over tablets. If you can buy it on black Friday for 25.00 bucks or less, it should be that price all year long. So now he has no tablet because I am not sending it out to have someone else's sent back to me..re-furbished. I am very disappointed.
Purchased for my Father In Law - this was the most frustrating experience. Not user friendly - not friendly at all. Stick with a name brand tablet - Apple, Samsung, etc.. Avoid this device at all costs.
I can't update Facebook and a few other apps. It's not what I expected.
I was hoping to find something universal to as a tablet but you get what you pay for.
My 7-year old daughter saved up to by this. Her brother bought the 8GB about a year earlier, so new she needed more space. The OS is a bit clunky, and less intuitive then on higher priced tablets, but tough to beat the price. Speed isn't great for web or certain gaming apps, but fine for books. Parental controls are helpful, but take time to figure out and require more steps than seem necessary to change. Overall, OK first tablet for kids, considering the price. For adults, fine for e-books and VERY basic apps. Otherwise, best to pay up for better quality and OS efficiency.
good for reading books. light, handy but not so much for browsing.
Decent somewhat slow. Netflix freezes up at times.
Too slow for games and videos i bought it for my youngest son so they wouldnt fight for the ipad but they still do
Not happy at first as battery was totally dead when I got it. However, after charging, it's working ok
The sleek design and colors available for small kids is good. The tablet is a nice price and useful.
Great for first time tablet, but more advanced options available
Amazon fire is a good tablet if you like e-books. It's also nice to get a six-month subscription to the Washington Post. Their claim to have 16 gigabytes of storage is misleading because it only gives you 5 and then they want to charge you the same amount of money that you paid for the tablet for unlimited storage.  Another problem is that you can't flag something as being inappropriate like you can on Samsung Galaxy tablets.
Amazon fire is a good tablet if you like e-books. It's also nice to get a six-month subscription to the Washington Post. Their claim to have 16 gigabytes of storage is misleading because it only gives you 5 and then they want to charge you the same amount of money that you paid for the tablet for unlimited storage. Another problem is that you can't flag something as being inappropriate like you can on Samsung Galaxy tablets.
Overall it is a good tablet, but I am not a fan of the limitations of the silk browser and Amazon app store.
Bought this for my toddler to watch his shows on netflix amazon and vudu. Vudu isnt compatable, netflix is so slow it kept buffering, so he got upset. Acording to its specs it has a faster processing system than my linsay tablet bit its five times slower atleast. Downloading anything takes forever. It was also very difficult to navigate.Over all waste of money
I brought this tablet during the Black Friday sale fast forward to Christmas when my 6 year opens it he was happy I set it up for him two days later it crashed never came back on. Blank screen. He was disappointed and so was I .
Difficult to purchase. No stock in 6 stores, no order online or ship to store available. When it did become available it did not work. Once it turned on, I couldn't get any further. I could not log onto wifi network, though other items in my household work. Also the product wouldnt move past setting up the clock. Tried 3 days, gave up and returned the item.
I only bought this as a travel companion when I fly. It was cheap and functional.
I bought 2 of the Amazon Fire tablets because the sales guy said that they were great and ran really fast. I have very fast internet and this thing just barely chugs along. If you play a game, it constantly stalls and freezes. The sound quality when I play music is terrible. I was planning on buying one for each of my 9 nieces and nephews if they ran well but now I know that wouldn't work for them because they are horrible.
I bought this as s present for my 65 year old grandma. She loves it. Very easy to operate. No issues
Worst product ever. Constantly screwing up and filled with ads you have to pay to remove. Best Buy refused to help when I wanted to return it
The tablet works great when the battery is charged. The problem we have is the provided charging cable connector does not seat well into the tablet's micro USB port and does not have a solid electrical connection. Therefore, most of the time the tablet sits useless with a dead battery.
I was not a fan of the Amazon type operating system that is on the tablet. Ended up taking it back because it was not what I wanted, not as easy and supportive of games and apps as an Android tablet.
I bought this because I have ebooks in college. Not only could I not get my ebook. I called the school IT department. They could not either. My semester was already started. The sales representative at the store told me this is what I needed. I ended up buying a tablet from my phone carrier and my ebooks were right there in less than 5 minutes with the schools IT department help.
Returned it. it was a poor reader and clearly would not last..
The battery is having more and more trouble holding a charge. I bought the Fire in July and am now having to charge it every day in order to use it. I am not impressed and would not repurchase it.
Gave it to my granddaughter and she loves it..I want to buy one for myself....
This tablet is sufficient for secondary use. At times searches are slow and memory is limited.
Bought it accidentally. Meant to get an 8 inch screen.
Can't really give a full review since the Kindle Fire seemed to work properly, however, the security, Webroot Anywhere, that was included was impossible to install. I tried calling Geek Squad 4 times for support and was disconnected EVERY time. I finally went to store for instructions which they printed off but still would not download. I've ended up buying an iPad which is fantastic and would not buy again from BestBuy.
I do like the Fire Tablet - but I feel that if it is going to have a camera it should have been a better camera. The internet works but I find it takes a while to load. I have read a book on it but - I prefer to use my original paper white - that can be read in any lighting including outside. But for what it is and the price it was - its a good product.
I don't recommend buying this. After 1 month of buying this, it won't charge or turn on.
I bought this product 4 months back. It is very slow, i can't open any app in 15 seconds. OS is different than others so we can't get normal apps easily. Only one thing i can say is slow slow slow performance. I don't know how to replace it. Need some help from best buy people.I don't know whether i got defective piece or this is the actual performance
This is not an upgrade by any means! My three year old kindle outperformed Oasis.Battery life better than a week with the lights on lowest setting Magnetic connector is poorly designed and grows weak Two pieces to keep up with; unsnaps constantly Amazon Customer Services promises it will resolved in an update
Th size difference is noticeable and squarish rather then rectangular, which I prefer. The Kindle unit itself is rather nice, the auto rotate and adjust being the best part. I returned this item b/c the cover is flimsy. and I was afraid I would drop it and break the kindle.
Love the capabilities it has to offer.Downside, it totally shuts off by itself and you have to start what you doing all over again
We bought this because we thought it would be great for reading books and playing a few games. However, awkward size makes the device very weird to hold and generally not enjoyable. The Fire HD 8 shares the exact same specs and has a higher battery life. There's almost no reason to take this device over the 8.
I do not find this as easy to use as my original Kindle Fire but I do like the camera a lot better, though it is not clear megapixels
This is my 3rd Kindle. I have continued to move up on the screen size and this one is so easy to see and read. I do however sometimes have a problem with it when I am online. It can take forever to load up a site and move from page to page so that can be annoying. I have extremely fast internet so that is not the problem and when I check strength of wifi connection it always says excellent so not sure why it takes so long. Do not have that problem on my other 2.
Got this Kindle Fire to replace a laptop that died. So far I have been very pleased. Finding new things that it can do. Not happy with the camera, but I might not know all the details about it yet.
the first one I got was very slow. I turned it in today and this one works great
I don't care for having to close each window separately I would prefer to be able to select close all or exit all
I love the kindle and have had one in one shape or another since they first came out, but I just could not take how slow this model was. I returned it and purchased a Samsung tablet.
Over the past few years, I have purchased Kindle Fires for various family members. The workmanship for those Kindles in abysmal. Two weeks ago, my Kindle Fire HDX shorted itself out. I replaced it with Amazon Fire 10.1. This device does NOT hold a charge for more than three and a half hours. You read that correctly!. I have been using it on a daily basis, each time it needs to be charged, it does a repeat performance. There is absolutely NO way that I will ever purchase any device manufactured by Amazon, ever again. I tell it like it is, if you want terrible device performance, opt for the Amazon product. If you need a reliable device, look at other manufacturers for the options you need.
I had originally decided to get a kindle instead of an iPad due to the cost. It's a great screen and has good sound, but the battery is pure junk! I should have went with an iPad.
This is unacceptable spend the extra money for a tablet without obtrusive software and advertising
Its very cool great picture good sound. Was kind of disappointed that i couldnt make calls but overall great piece of hardwark
The HD tablet is just right for a child who is being introduced to the computer word.
Good for reading but video quality is not so good.
I dont care that you cant change the tablet to run like as you wish. Its pre installed menu is not something you can change.
The price of the item was very good compared to other cages however the item itself came tilted so now my dog has a tilted dog crate. The tilt to the gates are noticeable but not very drastic. For the price I'll live with it.
Take your personal assistant with you wherever you go with this Amazon Fire HD 8 tablet featuring Alexa voice-activated cloud service. The slim design of the tablet is easy to handle, and the ample 8-inch screen is ideal for work or play. This Amazon Fire HD 8 features super-sharp high-definition graphics for immersive streaming.
The looks and the screen of Amazon - Fire HD 8 Kids Edition are good. The navigation is sluggish when compared to apple and Samsung. The touch screen is not very responsive. Camera is not so good. Amazon should have done much better job to make it a better product to compete with Samsung and apple. Hope Amazon makes improvements. The cost is low and appreciate that. I would not recommend to someone who is looking for good product. I cost is the factor you can live with it.
Itsadvertisement Everything on your scree but it very cheap.
Too many Amazon advertisement that you cant get rid of on this tablet. Took my 6 year old a long time to adjust to it as she was familiar with using my Apple Ipad.
I have always bought nabi's they have lasted for a couple of years with my grandkids This item I bought for my six year old grandson as an upgrade (his nabi lasted 26 months) This broke in two days after giving it to him, It would not charge and the LCD went out . I am now having to jump through hoops to get it replaced .
I have always bought nabi's they have lasted for a couple of years with my grandkids This item I bought for my six year old grandson as an upgrade (his nabi lasted 26 months) This broke in two days after giving it to him, It would not charge and the LCD went out . I am now having to jump through hoops to get it replaced .
can't beat the price I bought this at from Best Buy. It has held up well inside the beefy case we bought for it, and the screen is nice and sharp. However, the unit did randomly shut off and refuses to power back up without ever coming into contact with water or any drops. I am glad that the replacement plan was very affordable.
Ive used one on multiple occasions. They seem to user friendly so I bought 3 of them for Christmas gifts for my nieces and son.
This is unacceptable spend the extra money for a tablet without obtrusive software and advertising
Everything worked well and a little faster than the 7 inch but a little harder to hold with one hand. Ended up returning and keeping the 7 inch tablet instead as it was better for me. Still a great deal
Tablet works as expected, Apple warranty is a joke. Read the fine print, they don't cover most problems with the tablet. Learned this the hard way
Tablet works as expected, Apple warranty is a joke. Read the fine print, they don't cover most problems with the tablet. Learned this the hard way
This is my 4th Kindle, and the worst so far. It randomly locks up and require a restart to do anything. I've probably had to do this a dozen times in the last week. It's going back if they'll take it.
I'm sure its a great product but there was something wrong with the one I ordered on target.com. My daughter opened it on Christmas morning and was so excited. We went to charge it and it wouldn't turn on. We tried holding the power button down for 40 seconds like the amazon website suggests, nothing, we left it charging for hours and still nothing. Very disappointed.
Worth the price. Added this to my collection mainly for audible books. Dont like the OS much.
Easy to use but more limited than a more powerful tablet such as a Galaxy or iPad. Video conferencing is rather difficult to do in my experience. However if you read digital books, watch videos, or listen to music it works well and the stereo sound with the larger versions is really nice.
3 yr old loves it, I hate it. Hours spent download
It already quit working. Will not charge anymore. I had to buy a new one.
This was purchased as a gift so I can only offer an average expectation of its performance.
Bought this for my my daughter. Good for slower games. Kind of slow loading pages and when watching videos
I bought 2 for my kids and got a great discount but the one my daughter uses has gave us a little trouble from the start
I bought this tablet originally because of its price. You get what you pay for. Overall, I thought it was a wonderful tablet but it didnt fit my needs. I ended up returning it because I didnt like the android software. This tablet is wonderful for children and the elderly, but for a previous iPad owner, I decided to buy an iPad and pay more instead.
Basic tablet which is pretty good for its price range.
Bought this to replace my aging Nexus 7 (2013) version, but didn't hold a candle up to it. I knew it going in, but wanted to see for myself in person. For $80, can't hardly beat the features, but I was spoiled by arguably the best small Android tablet ever made. I knew the screen resolution was lacking, especially on an 8" screen, but coming from the Nexus, it was a huge difference. Also, even at 4 plus years old, the processor was humming along smoothly. The extra .5 gb ram was also helpful. Anyways, back to the Fire HD 8. One advantage it had over the Nexus, was the expansion slot. I loved being able to put my media on it, but then again, the media displayed on the screen was subpar, so it's a wash. I installed Google play on it, so that it expanded its functionality, and I'm an avid Amazon conneseiur, but found the table too limiting. Ultimately returned and bought an old, discontinued Fire HD 6 for $20. The resolution almost matches that of the Nexus, so I'm happy for now.
It's a fast tablet, but doesn't get all the games you can get at the play store. Many apps not available for Kindle.
This was a xmas gift and is a great gift for someone who uses kindle and Amazon.
With the recent promotion for the Amazon Fire HD8 tablet, I just had to get one. It's been a while since I bought a tablet and the one I currently have is getting to be very slow.The tablet will come with a micro USB charging/data cable and a wall adapter.The tablet itself has some weight to it compared to the kindle tablets but won't be a problem if you use it to read sitting up. Initial setup was very straight forward. Once you connect to the WiFi and login to your Amazon account, you should be in the FireOS interface. The tablet is bundled with Amazon apps so everything is just a few swipes away on the screen. The interface itself, is very smooth so I didn't notice any lags at all. I did try a few games and there were some that were a bit slow at times and this was expected from a tablet at this price range. I will mainly use it to browse online and watch videos so don't see this as a huge setback.The buttons, charging port and headphone jack are all on top which will need some getting used to since most devices I've used had side buttons for the power/volume and charging/headphone ports are at the bottom. To the left side are two speakers and there's a micro SD card slot on the right for those who need more memory. The memory card option will be handy since this tablet is only 16GB and I think you have about 11-12GB free out of the box.
We purchased the Fire for our 9 year old. The price is right for an entry level device and I don't worry too much about it breaking. The charging port has already started to fail, however.
This was not the best choice for my autistic son. We were unable to download anything from Google Play and were limited to the Amazon store. Making this a deal breaker for us. I had to return it and get a different tablet.
This is a pretty good tablet for kids, but the sound is way to low. Very difficult to hear.
This is a pretty good tablet for kids, but the sound is way to low. Very difficult to hear.
If you are getting this, get it on a sale!!It slow and choppy, but it's decent for light media consumption and browsing.
Great toy for a 6 years old nephew, which was the reason why I buy this tablet. Had all need it for hours of entertainment for my nephew, I download a few games and load a couple of movies, the performance was great but then I found a couple of issues.First, I was unable to directly download any app from the tablet, receive a constant error saying than I need to activate ONE-CLICK DOWNLOAD, I follow all instructions and had to create a virtual credit card (I never insert my real credit card on a 6y/o toy, never), even if my intentions was only download free apps. Nothing works, change the address, change the credit card, try everything and nothing works. Finally I found a bypass method which is use my browser on my pc, connect to the amazon account and link the tablet, then I was able to install new apps.The second issue was to discover than the tablet can be only use on US, my surprise when I try to add more apps when I travel outside US and after hours of trying, found the answer on a forum when indicate than the tablet was created to be use on on US.
Great case.. took awhile to get to my house but after several delays it finally got there.
Great case.. took awhile to get to my house but after several delays it finally got there.
Loved it! Great product for my 10 year old son!!!!
Easy to setup. Large screen. Protective case built-in. Two year protection plan included.
Tablet was doing good until yesterday, which is 18 day from the day I bought it, my son was using it and then it went dead.
If you want a basic tablet this is perfect for you. However, if you are heavily invested in Android, this tablet will disappoint. Very Amazon driven, runs slowly with Android software sideloaded.
Perfect for children or for someone that is curious about trying something that isnt an Apple iOS. Also great for someone that has an Amazone Prine memberships. If you want the FULL Android experience though, you should get a different tablet. You get what you pay for.
I bought it to run a lot of home automation things. But after 5 apps wouldnt run like I expected them to, it was of little use to me.
This tablet shut down and never turned back on after a week of purchasing it. I had to return it and they were out of stock for exchange. Annoying.
This tablet shut down and never turned back on after a week of purchasing it. I had to return it and they were out of stock for exchange. Annoying.
This was a birthday gift! It has nice visual features! It was easy to get started on it! So far so good!!
Why do I get so many POP Up Adds on this! Its a great product but it's always trying to sell me something!
I have an older Fire HD 7 and had started reading a lot more periodicals on it (okay, I admit it, comic books). So when the news about the Fire HD 8 7th generation went out, I put in a pre-order and eagerly anticipated its arrival so I could have just a slightly larger screen and better performance.The Fire HD 8 delivered on those two fronts. It's noticeably snappier than my HD 7, and the screen is larger. No arguing those points.My Fire HD 8 arrived charged to 73%, so I hooked it up to the included charger and set it to download some of the aforementioned periodicals. I checked on it two hours later and noticed that it had managed a measly 4% increase in battery charge in that time. Starting at 73%, I would have expected it to at least be in the mid to high 80s after two hours.After experimenting a bit, I found that the only way I could get a sort of decent charging speed was to turn the Fire HD off altogether and let it charge with absolutely nothing else running. I am now able to charge at a rate of about 1% every 10 to 15 minutes, an improvement over 1% per half hour, but it means having to fully turn off the Fire HD before I plug it in and then restart it when I want to use it again. The Fire HD 8 will maintain an even charge level while it is plugged in and in use, but don't expect it to replenish the battery in that state.Aside from that, the Fire HD 8 seems a decent tablet for a $100 price point. Just don't expect it to fully charge overnight if you deplete it the day before.
I can only compare my Fire HD 8 16 GB (2017) to my two Fire HD 7 8 GB 2012 (2nd Gen) units.Fire HD 8 16 GB (2017) - Pros- Wider screen - better for viewing movies.- Multiple small icons on home screen.- Around 50% more RAM- Can add microSD up to 256 GB (no need to buy 32 GB)- Good value w/ $20 discount: $59 is lot less than the Fire HD 2012.- Offers Alexa, but I haven't figured it out (I have a Fire Stick on HDTV).Fire HD 8 16 GB (2017) - Cons- Same 1208 x 800, 720p HD resolution.- Only 1.3 GHz (2012 was 1.2 GHz)- Crummy front/rear cameras, no auto-focus; 2012 rear only, w/ auto-focus.- Retains panels of previously used screens: annoying to delete.- Can only send Prime videos to HDTV via Fire Stick.- No micro-HDMI port to send any content to HDTV- Held horizontal, all controls and wires are awkwardly located on one side.- Blue Shade (read at night) seems useless.- Amazon brand case is too expensive and does not stand well in portrait view.- Reviews for third party cases: sometimes expensive, almost always shoddy, usually fail at portrait viewWhere is the Amazon brand case with a fitted snap-on hard back and a fold over cover that offers true protection? I have them for my Paperwhite 2nd Gen and Fire HD 2012 - they are excellent. On/off and volume control buttons failed on one Fire HD 2012. The other 2012 works perfectly after six years. Paperwhite is fantastic.Note: Fire HD 10 32 GB with 1920 x 1200 and 1080 resolution offers much better viewing, but $150 is way too much. A current $80 discount for iPad 2017 makes Apple's entry model $249. I may try it.Bottom line: If it comes back to $59, the Fire HD 8 16 GB (2017) is a worthwhile purchase.
The ads that pop up constantly make us almost unusable for kids.
I thought this would be a great gift for a child until I got to the set up. The set up could not be completed unless a credit card number was entered. I refuse to put that type of information in the hands of a child so, I returned it.
Its great that you can enhance capacity via a memory card, but the fact that a brand new product stops working within an hour of opening it reduces confidence significantly
Get this for shopping and fun, not for productivity. This is an inexpensive tablet chocked full of bloatware and ads. I got it for the wife and she uses it to play mini games and shop, and that's what it's meant for so mission accomplished.The GOOD: It's cheap. Fairly good battery life. Fairly decent screen. Quick charge time.The BAD: It always has some sort of advertising for amazon shopping - annoying at times. Sound quality is terrible. Made of super slippy material, hard to hold; get a case for this or you will drop it; often. Amazon only apps. No android or IOS apps will work with this. It's kinda slow. No YouTube.Overall: If you need a simple tablet for light web browsing, shopping, music, movies, reading and small games then this will work fine. As a primary productivity tablet, forget it. Get something way more robust than this.
Have owned IOS products as long as I can remember. Not on same level
Disappointed with screen brightness. I would not recommend it. And, yes, I adjusted the screen to maximum.
I bought this tablet to use with my 3 year old autistic son. I tried 3 different tablets and all 3 were defective. It would turn off by itself during a video. We were using It for his therapy sessions and this was very inconvient. Switched to a 7 and have had no trouble since.
I bought this tablet to use with my 3 year old autistic son. I tried 3 different tablets and all 3 were defective. It would turn off by itself during a video. We were using It for his therapy sessions and this was very inconvient. Switched to a 7 and have had no trouble since.
Bought this for my young son, because of the warranty. You are required to have a credit card stored in the account, and to turn on parental controls it blocks other features too like Alexa. This is the most ridiculous setup ever.
Good tablet for Amazon lovers, not so good for Android lovers.Too much Amazon advertising ad nauseum.. Can't get Google Play apps. Miss google. Returned to store.thanks
Good for beginners. Although you need to have a google account and a credit card to start up. For reading purposes only.
Purchased this for my 18 month old granddaughter, had to return the first one due to it crashing. The second one has done the same , but plan on giving it a few more days before returning it. A little disappointed with it, expected it to be better than what it is.
Its a good one but didn't set for my 6 year old.So had to return it back !
The HD tablet is just right for a child who is being introduced to the computer word.
I bought four fire tablets and each of them stopped charging immediately after the purchase. I wrote to Best Buy detailing the problem with the tablets and the fact I did not have insurance or the boxes to return the item. No response. Disappointed because I have made major and multiple purchases with this company. Won't make any more purchases from Best Buy.
This was purchased as a Christmas gift and I have not had any experience with it yet.
I got the tablet for $50 but doesn't have the full Android operating system. Even with a software hack, not all the apps from Play Store were usable on this tablet. Returned it and got a Samsung Tablet.
Not really impressed by this item. It is pretty slow.
Bought this for my parents as they have an aging 3rd Generation FireHD. That tablet cost well over $300 dollars but was limited to fireOS 4. I couldn't believe that their newest only cost $50 on sale with ads. I don't think it is worth it at their normal price of $80 dollars.FireOS 5 is pretty much just a skinned version of Android Lolipop. Since we are on Nougat now, they are about two years behind. Hopefully security updates are still being made for the device.The biggest disappointment was the screen. If you buy this for reading books, they really need to go back to the old 3/4 Gen HD Fire Tablets, as their screens are so much better. They claim IPS on this screen, but I don't buy it. Colors are washed out and pixel density is pretty poor.The blue light filter they have is pretty terrible compared to what Apple offers. It basically puts a semitransparent color over the entire screen. If something on the screen is already black, why does it need to look blackish orange? I don't fully fault amazon as this may be more of a limitation of Android, but still...Also I can't figure out how to get rid of the adds for the red version. In the past there was an option to pay a few extra dollars and they remove the promotion. Amazon's website doesn't offer the red without adds as of this writing, but they do with the black.Side load google play store for more up to date apps as a lot of the amazon store apps are long out of date.
Bought it for $50 to replace my aging Kindle Fire HDX 7. Was excited about the size (1" larger), faster processor, and expandable storage.I should have read the reviews. Comixology purchases only download to the internal storage, not external - 16 GB fills up after 8 downloads. The screen resolution is noticeably pixilated when reading text.Still, one star for value if bought for $50, one star for build (solid), and one if you're a Amazon Prime member & able to take advantage of video & music (which will download to external memory).
Returned within a week, did not like it. I didn't care for the ads every time I turned the tablet on.
The Unit had good screen resolution and the size was not bad but, Not at all impressed with the Amazon operating system.
I think the charging port should be something more simple since this product is aimed at smaller children. Weve only had ours for a month and the port is broke. Getting a new one sent to us.
Good for reading but video quality is not so good.
Couldnt use it for video chat with amazon show .. that was the reason for me to buy this tablet. Will return back
I dont care that you cant change the tablet to run like as you wish. Its pre installed menu is not something you can change.
Bought it for my 3 year old son. Physically the product is amazing! Love the case around it, and how amazon replaces the product if anything happens, no questions asked. However, the software is terrible. I wasn't expecting much to begin with but its hard to consider this as a tablet when everything is limited. I only use it now to play movies from an external SD card, which cannot be played via kids profile
The Freetime so far isn't very intuitive and it looks like you have to be on the deivce. No web interface for it.
This device fulfill a daily needs. You can use for a very basic thing like browsing, listening the music, watching movie or reading. The quality of the picture and the sound is not too bad. If you are a vet picky person.. this device will not work for you. The only cons for me is that this device can't connect to Tv.
Cant download many apps, but its great for kids or for those who like to read.
Picture quality seemed grainy. We tried streaming video on amazon prime with it and it buffered some times even though we have an extremely fast Wi-Fi. For the price though it's not bad. We use it for our kid's apps
Not reaching my expectations and it's okay to kids to play games
It's ok just right for our baby I like we can set a lot of parental blocks
It was affordable but does not meet features that you need for videos callinh.
This was a nice purchase for my son 8yr old, it performs well
I returned this item because I couldnt get a keyboard with a case to go with it.
Tried to watch youtube and other video from different sources but it was horrible. The sound would lag w or 3 seconds behind the viewing. Returned for Samsung S2 tablet which is wonderful. You get what you pay for.
When I finally opened and started the process it took forever to load apps but when it finally finished it was fine
Kindle fire is slow but love the fact my child is protected from some internet content
Context: Replacement for my old Nexus 7; bought during black friday/cyber monday sale.Pros:-Literally the only decent android tablet for its price.-Good battery life.Cons:-No access to google play apps/services (youtube, gmail, etc only via browser).-First one I purchased had a defective speaker - QC might be variable.Thoughts:Amazon's insistence on using their own app store/android version is annoying, as is the subsequent lack of core google apps. However, for the price there is very little competition among android tablets.
NOT REALLY NEEDED. I ALREADY HAD TWO AND DECIDED THREE WAS OVERLY ONE TOO MUCH.
Resolution was great, speed was good. Bought for grandson, he didn't like it because it would not run Google apps and couldn't watch u-tube without purchasing additional apps.
The Amazon Fire HD 8 tablet no longer was able to charge less than six months after being received as a Christmas present. I contaced Amazon, assuming that the was a one year warranty. Amazon tech support navigated me through a number of trouble shooting steps and concluded that the Usb port is defective. I was then told that this product only has a 90 day warranty and the best they could do in give me a 10% on my next Amazon purchase! Wow!
Not a good tablet for kids. To avoid ads from appearing, you must pay 15 dollars.
We have only had this product for about a month and there's already a problem with the charging port. Having to send it back. My Daycare owns 3 of them for her own children and their having the same problems with two of there's.
I mainly got this to have a bigger screen to read my news on. My favorite news app refused to open! Only good was that I have amazon prime. However, I returned the fire tablet and got the iPad 2017. Much happier with that!!
I got this for my boyfriend for a Christmas gift. He liked it but doesn't use the internet much & has a smart phone so I returned. It's good for someone looking for something basic
This has been pretty easy for my kids to use and navigate. They really like it.
OK for the price. Used for games and checking emails. Haven't explored other uses at this time
Not enough features. It's to simple. When parental control is on it's not much you can do on the tablet not even use the camera
I have had this product less than 6 months. It shut down unexpectedly and would not restart. I contacted Amazon and the only help they could give was to hold the power button for 40 seconds and when that did not work I was told to buy a new one. Quality of a product is measured in warranty and support. This product comes with very little warranty.
I purchased the Kids kindle because of the warranty plan. Thinking it's the best deal for the money. I find it in no way user friendly for my ha me or my 3 year old granddaughter! She can take my iPad go strength to her folder.
I purchased the Kids kindle because of the warranty plan. Thinking it's the best deal for the money. I find it in no way user friendly for my ha me or my 3 year old granddaughter! She can take my iPad go strength to her folder.
It's 2017 no reason this tablet cannot produce clear 1080 or higher resolution. I get it it's cheap and for that it's good but it just feels cheap and omg so manny pop up adds.. Comeon amazon
Waste of money,You tube does not work on these tablets,so everything from there old tablet does not work on the new ones,so going back to the old ones and sending these back
Speakers stuck on this thing . I bought it to give to my grandma but she found it too difficult.
I bought this as a gift to my parents. The unfortunate part was that I was a little misinformed about the connectivity between the tablet and a chrome cast that I purchases as well as part of the gift. The tablet is not compatible with the table and that was a little disappointing. Other than that, it's an alright product.
Brought this for my 8 yr old son. He cannot put it down. Would recommend this product.
This tablet overall is okay,there are few problems that i face with this tablet. Charging this tablet takes little longer than the average tabletSome of the application is not available through amazon store app
It's an ok tablet because you need to have an Amazon account in order to download free apps
for 33 dollars its a great option. although it was a black friday special its perfect for kids especially considering the amount of damage it can handle!
Nothing too special or complicated. Fills the need.
I bought a Kindle Fire 16GB for my 6 year old son in June. After 4 months the charging port came loose and the device will not charge. Best Buy is aware of the issue and will do nothing about it. Amazon will not warranty their product for more than 90 days and they said the charging ports often break if children are using them! They have no options to fix the device and only offer a small discount if I buy a new one. Amazon does not stand behind this product. They are aware of the defect and continue to sell these.
The protector was not made for the Fire 7 as it was to large and had no directions that were coherent. Worse purchase from Best Buy ever.
I ordered this online on black Friday, I live about 30 miles from nearest store and I saw the special on their website, so why not I thought. Came in yesterday. Maybe it's just because I'm not familiar with this product; I'm used to Android tablets that have you set up with your Google account. This one you set up with your Amazon account. OK, no big deal I thought, at first. Then I found it very difficult to install the free 6 month Webroot it came with. I went to Google Play as instructed, it says installed, but there is no Open button to click to continue the process, as instructed. When I contacted Amazon customer support, I was told I can't use Google Play on it and to use the app store instead. I was given a link for Webroot installation but it didn't help. I downloaded Google Chrome but can't find it on the device. No youtube, facebook, gmail apps; won't install. Again, maybe I'm just not used to the product but if I can't use Google apps on it, I won't like this. It's actually for my son and even though teens are often smarter than we adults when it comes to gadgets, LOL, I don't think he will like this either. So I'm returning this; hopefully can find an Android tablet I like (and affordable) at Best Buy.
My first tablet was a Kindle. I was curious about the updated version. Very disappointed
I I thought the buy For my child bc the kids mode but it was very poor
Loved my husbands 4th generation disappointed in my 5th generation. 4th generation has 2 speakers and sound is much louder than the current 5th generation. I purchased this expecting the same quality in sound, or better, since I use the kindle to watch my TV shows.
Bought this tablet for 8 year old. It holding up good & she loves it. She enjoys playimg her games & being able to get on the internet.
I like the size of this tablet. I have small hands and it fits. Needs to have a cover a little slippery. Easier to handle than my iPad
I wish it has some more of the apps from the play store some are just not there
Kindle is good as long as it is plugged into a wall outlet. The battery lasts a mere 15 minutes as a portable unit. Not happy with this. Takes an hour to charge the battery to 100% yet drains in 15 minutes. There`s something mathematically wrong with this equation.
Personally I'd say buy the newer 6 inch fire. But you do get more for your money getting the older one.
Serves the purpose for which it was bought, ; I.e. Facebook
This tablet is a good kids tablet and or for prime users. Not a laptop replacement or for non amazon users
is a God tablet but the camera could be a little better
It's a little slow, and the camera isn't the best, but for the price it's fine
I bought this a first tablet. I'm disappointed in the battery life. I sort of expected better especially as I got hooked on online games.
It's great for beginners, like children, but very limiting for me. I can't use many apps because it doesn't allow me to use the Google play store.
It is too heavy for its size! I purchased it to replace a larger Nook, and find that it weighs as much. Screen is attractive but it even with a good signal in public places, hanging on to Wifi is difficult. It is not efficient when downloading (buffering, buffering...) and I am still debating returning it for another tablet.
I enjoy all the features on the Fire 7 tablet!!!!!
I got it because it was smaller and lighter than the original kindle fire. It is not as easy to operate as the original kindle fire.
No instructions. Either paper or electronic. How do I transfer apps & data from old kindle to new one 9
Screen larger than phone. Visual better...........
I purchased this tablet a week ago as a gift for my brother and it has restarted itself over ten times and has shut off while someone was on in on different occasions Will be getting my money back and getting a samsung..
Hard to use, Lots of ads, and Randomly closes apps
Well not as good as I thought but works fine for my children.
This is not like other android tablets in a bad way.
We purchased this tablet for our 5 y ear old since all the other kid-friendly tablets were limited it what they had on them. Something should be changed regarding the port for the charger. The little area with the small bar in it keeps bending to the point, 5 months later it broke off and of course the warranty has ended. I am over tablets. If you can buy it on black Friday for 25.00 bucks or less, it should be that price all year long. So now he has no tablet because I am not sending it out to have someone else's sent back to me..re-furbished. I am very disappointed.
Purchased for my Father In Law - this was the most frustrating experience. Not user friendly - not friendly at all. Stick with a name brand tablet - Apple, Samsung, etc.. Avoid this device at all costs.
I was hoping to find something universal to as a tablet but you get what you pay for.
Too slow for games and videos i bought it for my youngest son so they wouldnt fight for the ipad but they still do
The sleek design and colors available for small kids is good. The tablet is a nice price and useful.
Wasnt really impressed with the operating system. Was hoping it was more of android style. Not so much.
Bought this for my toddler to watch his shows on netflix amazon and vudu. Vudu isnt compatable, netflix is so slow it kept buffering, so he got upset. Acording to its specs it has a faster processing system than my linsay tablet bit its five times slower atleast. Downloading anything takes forever. It was also very difficult to navigate.Over all waste of money
Difficult to purchase. No stock in 6 stores, no order online or ship to store available. When it did become available it did not work. Once it turned on, I couldn't get any further. I could not log onto wifi network, though other items in my household work. Also the product wouldnt move past setting up the clock. Tried 3 days, gave up and returned the item.
I only bought this as a travel companion when I fly. It was cheap and functional.
Just got this today and have been struggling with a few things. Set up itself was pretty easy right oit of the box. Had no idea I would not have access to Google Play Store. Beware, there is a much more limited selection of apps available for this device. Browsing is slow, even while in the same room with my modem. Much slower than my phone or my other tablet. Tumblr app, though able to be downloaded, malfunctions consistently. Will probably return this and get a more capable tablet, but will give it another couple of days to get used to it before doing so.
I bought this as s present for my 65 year old grandma. She loves it. Very easy to operate. No issues
Worst product ever. Constantly screwing up and filled with ads you have to pay to remove. Best Buy refused to help when I wanted to return it
The tablet works great when the battery is charged. The problem we have is the provided charging cable connector does not seat well into the tablet's micro USB port and does not have a solid electrical connection. Therefore, most of the time the tablet sits useless with a dead battery.
I was not a fan of the Amazon type operating system that is on the tablet. Ended up taking it back because it was not what I wanted, not as easy and supportive of games and apps as an Android tablet.
Returned it. it was a poor reader and clearly would not last..
The battery is having more and more trouble holding a charge. I bought the Fire in July and am now having to charge it every day in order to use it. I am not impressed and would not repurchase it.
Gave it to my granddaughter and she loves it..I want to buy one for myself....
Bought it accidentally. Meant to get an 8 inch screen.
I do like the Fire Tablet - but I feel that if it is going to have a camera it should have been a better camera. The internet works but I find it takes a while to load. I have read a book on it but - I prefer to use my original paper white - that can be read in any lighting including outside. But for what it is and the price it was - its a good product.
I bought this product 4 months back. It is very slow, i can't open any app in 15 seconds. OS is different than others so we can't get normal apps easily. Only one thing i can say is slow slow slow performance. I don't know how to replace it. Need some help from best buy people.I don't know whether i got defective piece or this is the actual performance
I bought this as a gift to my parents. The unfortunate part was that I was a little misinformed about the connectivity between the tablet and a chrome cast that I purchases as well as part of the gift. The tablet is not compatible with the table and that was a little disappointing. Other than that, it's an alright product.
Good tablet for kids. Lots of appts to download for games
Brought this for my 8 yr old son. He cannot put it down. Would recommend this product.
This tablet overall is okay,there are few problems that i face with this tablet. Charging this tablet takes little longer than the average tabletSome of the application is not available through amazon store app
Too bad Amazon turned this tablet into a big advertising tool. Many apps dont work and the camera is not good.
It's an ok tablet because you need to have an Amazon account in order to download free apps
Not easy to navigate and download apps to the device
for 33 dollars its a great option. although it was a black friday special its perfect for kids especially considering the amount of damage it can handle!
Nothing too special or complicated. Fills the need.
This does everything your smart phone does but with a larger screen for easier browsing and input.
I bought a Kindle Fire 16GB for my 6 year old son in June. After 4 months the charging port came loose and the device will not charge. Best Buy is aware of the issue and will do nothing about it. Amazon will not warranty their product for more than 90 days and they said the charging ports often break if children are using them! They have no options to fix the device and only offer a small discount if I buy a new one. Amazon does not stand behind this product. They are aware of the defect and continue to sell these.
Great purchase for a 9-year old girl. Easy way for peaceful long car rides.
The protector was not made for the Fire 7 as it was to large and had no directions that were coherent. Worse purchase from Best Buy ever.
I ordered this online on black Friday, I live about 30 miles from nearest store and I saw the special on their website, so why not I thought. Came in yesterday. Maybe it's just because I'm not familiar with this product; I'm used to Android tablets that have you set up with your Google account. This one you set up with your Amazon account. OK, no big deal I thought, at first. Then I found it very difficult to install the free 6 month Webroot it came with. I went to Google Play as instructed, it says installed, but there is no Open button to click to continue the process, as instructed. When I contacted Amazon customer support, I was told I can't use Google Play on it and to use the app store instead. I was given a link for Webroot installation but it didn't help. I downloaded Google Chrome but can't find it on the device. No youtube, facebook, gmail apps; won't install. Again, maybe I'm just not used to the product but if I can't use Google apps on it, I won't like this. It's actually for my son and even though teens are often smarter than we adults when it comes to gadgets, LOL, I don't think he will like this either. So I'm returning this; hopefully can find an Android tablet I like (and affordable) at Best Buy.
My first tablet was a Kindle. I was curious about the updated version. Very disappointed
I I thought the buy For my child bc the kids mode but it was very poor
Loved my husbands 4th generation disappointed in my 5th generation. 4th generation has 2 speakers and sound is much louder than the current 5th generation. I purchased this expecting the same quality in sound, or better, since I use the kindle to watch my TV shows.
Bought this tablet for 8 year old. It holding up good & she loves it. She enjoys playimg her games & being able to get on the internet.
I like the size of this tablet. I have small hands and it fits. Needs to have a cover a little slippery. Easier to handle than my iPad
I wish it has some more of the apps from the play store some are just not there
Kindle is good as long as it is plugged into a wall outlet. The battery lasts a mere 15 minutes as a portable unit. Not happy with this. Takes an hour to charge the battery to 100% yet drains in 15 minutes. There`s something mathematically wrong with this equation.
I purchased this since I bought my grandson this tablet for Christmas. The tablet is slow, considering price that's OK.I have problems with the charger, it won't charge when I am using the tablet, the charger needs to be plugged in and not moved for it to charge.For the price the tablet is OK.
Personally I'd say buy the newer 6 inch fire. But you do get more for your money getting the older one.
It's a good device for children because they don't know any better
Serves the purpose for which it was bought, ; I.e. Facebook
Not a substitute for an iPad, but a really good tablet for reading and minimal internet usage.
is a God tablet but the camera could be a little better
It's a little slow, and the camera isn't the best, but for the price it's fine
It's great for beginners, like children, but very limiting for me. I can't use many apps because it doesn't allow me to use the Google play store.
My daughter has had this tablet for almost 2 months and it works well.
It is too heavy for its size! I purchased it to replace a larger Nook, and find that it weighs as much. Screen is attractive but it even with a good signal in public places, hanging on to Wifi is difficult. It is not efficient when downloading (buffering, buffering...) and I am still debating returning it for another tablet.
I do not like this Tablet one bit. It has to be registered with Amazon for it to function and it failed every time. I finally had to resort to calling Amazon's customer service, also not an easy task, to get it registered. There seems to be glitch in the programming, because when it failed again, I had to follow the same steps all over again to get it registered. I would highly recommend skipping this tablet and getting one that is not tied to any one company's operations, programming, or software.
I enjoy all the features on the Fire 7 tablet!!!!!
I got it because it was smaller and lighter than the original kindle fire. It is not as easy to operate as the original kindle fire.
Hi,I ordered this for my daughter who has an extensive liking of tablets. She didnt like it because of lack of google play services and she didnt have the patience to work with it. I knew that the os is only amazon specific but despite the apps that can be downloaded, she was disappointed. I returned it.If you are an avid amazon person, the tablet works great, if you want a google tablet, this isn't for you. I would recommend these for people that want a good decent tablet that they can read and use amazon apps on.
No instructions. Either paper or electronic. How do I transfer apps & data from old kindle to new one 9
The amazon tablet is priced amazingly. However, the tablet needs to be restarted constantly to find a WiFi connection.
Screen larger than phone. Visual better...........
I purchased this tablet a week ago as a gift for my brother and it has restarted itself over ten times and has shut off while someone was on in on different occasions Will be getting my money back and getting a samsung..
Hard to use, Lots of ads, and Randomly closes apps
Not as good as before the old kindle, just seams to work better
Very cheap and was not impressed at all never again
Well not as good as I thought but works fine for my children.
This is not like other android tablets in a bad way.
When I first bought it and got it started it wouldn't register my amazon account. I tried making a new account and I tried using my moms account but it would not work so I took it back and had geek squad look at it and they claimed it was defective and exchanged it for another one and the new one works wonderfully, haven't had any issues with it yet.
We purchased this tablet for our 5 y ear old since all the other kid-friendly tablets were limited it what they had on them. Something should be changed regarding the port for the charger. The little area with the small bar in it keeps bending to the point, 5 months later it broke off and of course the warranty has ended. I am over tablets. If you can buy it on black Friday for 25.00 bucks or less, it should be that price all year long. So now he has no tablet because I am not sending it out to have someone else's sent back to me..re-furbished. I am very disappointed.
Purchased for my Father In Law - this was the most frustrating experience. Not user friendly - not friendly at all. Stick with a name brand tablet - Apple, Samsung, etc.. Avoid this device at all costs.
I can't update Facebook and a few other apps. It's not what I expected.
I was hoping to find something universal to as a tablet but you get what you pay for.
My 7-year old daughter saved up to by this. Her brother bought the 8GB about a year earlier, so new she needed more space. The OS is a bit clunky, and less intuitive then on higher priced tablets, but tough to beat the price. Speed isn't great for web or certain gaming apps, but fine for books. Parental controls are helpful, but take time to figure out and require more steps than seem necessary to change. Overall, OK first tablet for kids, considering the price. For adults, fine for e-books and VERY basic apps. Otherwise, best to pay up for better quality and OS efficiency.
good for reading books. light, handy but not so much for browsing.
Decent somewhat slow. Netflix freezes up at times.
Too slow for games and videos i bought it for my youngest son so they wouldnt fight for the ipad but they still do
Not happy at first as battery was totally dead when I got it. However, after charging, it's working ok
Great for first time tablet, but more advanced options available
Amazon fire is a good tablet if you like e-books. It's also nice to get a six-month subscription to the Washington Post. Their claim to have 16 gigabytes of storage is misleading because it only gives you 5 and then they want to charge you the same amount of money that you paid for the tablet for unlimited storage. Another problem is that you can't flag something as being inappropriate like you can on Samsung Galaxy tablets.
Amazon fire is a good tablet if you like e-books. It's also nice to get a six-month subscription to the Washington Post. Their claim to have 16 gigabytes of storage is misleading because it only gives you 5 and then they want to charge you the same amount of money that you paid for the tablet for unlimited storage.  Another problem is that you can't flag something as being inappropriate like you can on Samsung Galaxy tablets.
Overall it is a good tablet, but I am not a fan of the limitations of the silk browser and Amazon app store.
Bought this for my toddler to watch his shows on netflix amazon and vudu. Vudu isnt compatable, netflix is so slow it kept buffering, so he got upset. Acording to its specs it has a faster processing system than my linsay tablet bit its five times slower atleast. Downloading anything takes forever. It was also very difficult to navigate.Over all waste of money
Difficult to purchase. No stock in 6 stores, no order online or ship to store available. When it did become available it did not work. Once it turned on, I couldn't get any further. I could not log onto wifi network, though other items in my household work. Also the product wouldnt move past setting up the clock. Tried 3 days, gave up and returned the item.
Just got this today and have been struggling with a few things. Set up itself was pretty easy right oit of the box. Had no idea I would not have access to Google Play Store. Beware, there is a much more limited selection of apps available for this device. Browsing is slow, even while in the same room with my modem. Much slower than my phone or my other tablet. Tumblr app, though able to be downloaded, malfunctions consistently. Will probably return this and get a more capable tablet, but will give it another couple of days to get used to it before doing so.
I bought 2 of the Amazon Fire tablets because the sales guy said that they were great and ran really fast. I have very fast internet and this thing just barely chugs along. If you play a game, it constantly stalls and freezes. The sound quality when I play music is terrible. I was planning on buying one for each of my 9 nieces and nephews if they ran well but now I know that wouldn't work for them because they are horrible.
I bought this as s present for my 65 year old grandma. She loves it. Very easy to operate. No issues
Worst product ever. Constantly screwing up and filled with ads you have to pay to remove. Best Buy refused to help when I wanted to return it
The tablet works great when the battery is charged. The problem we have is the provided charging cable connector does not seat well into the tablet's micro USB port and does not have a solid electrical connection. Therefore, most of the time the tablet sits useless with a dead battery.
I was not a fan of the Amazon type operating system that is on the tablet. Ended up taking it back because it was not what I wanted, not as easy and supportive of games and apps as an Android tablet.
Returned it. it was a poor reader and clearly would not last..
The battery is having more and more trouble holding a charge. I bought the Fire in July and am now having to charge it every day in order to use it. I am not impressed and would not repurchase it.
This tablet is sufficient for secondary use. At times searches are slow and memory is limited.
Bought it accidentally. Meant to get an 8 inch screen.
Can't really give a full review since the Kindle Fire seemed to work properly, however, the security, Webroot Anywhere, that was included was impossible to install. I tried calling Geek Squad 4 times for support and was disconnected EVERY time. I finally went to store for instructions which they printed off but still would not download. I've ended up buying an iPad which is fantastic and would not buy again from BestBuy.
I do like the Fire Tablet - but I feel that if it is going to have a camera it should have been a better camera. The internet works but I find it takes a while to load. I have read a book on it but - I prefer to use my original paper white - that can be read in any lighting including outside. But for what it is and the price it was - its a good product.
I don't recommend buying this. After 1 month of buying this, it won't charge or turn on.
I bought this product 4 months back. It is very slow, i can't open any app in 15 seconds. OS is different than others so we can't get normal apps easily. Only one thing i can say is slow slow slow performance. I don't know how to replace it. Need some help from best buy people.I don't know whether i got defective piece or this is the actual performance
This is not an upgrade by any means! My three year old kindle outperformed Oasis.Battery life better than a week with the lights on lowest setting Magnetic connector is poorly designed and grows weak Two pieces to keep up with; unsnaps constantly Amazon Customer Services promises it will resolved in an update
Th size difference is noticeable and squarish rather then rectangular, which I prefer. The Kindle unit itself is rather nice, the auto rotate and adjust being the best part. I returned this item b/c the cover is flimsy. and I was afraid I would drop it and break the kindle.
I've always been a fan of the Kindle, ever since the first one came out over a decade again.I was excited about this Kindle due to the many premium features it showed - the all-metal finish, high-resolution ePaper display, backlighting, extended battery life, etc.I was significantly disappointed to see that Amazon pushes ads through the Kindle when you put it into sleep mode, and throughout the store options. Additionally, I was further frustrated by the fact that I learned there was a cellular version (available direct from Amazon) but not through the store. For such an expensive unit, to have ads with no option to disable them, seems unreasonable and like a rip-off. Additionally, the fact that this only supports wifi (not cellular or WhisperSync) makes it even more of a drawback and something I would not recommend to a friend - stick with the cheaper version.I also found annoying problems trying to get my Apple Airpod earphones to work with this device. Pairing took forever to finish or work (had to try three different times) and if the unit sits for too long, I found that I had to go through the entire pairing process again; they were not automatically connected and synced the moment I had both devices turned on.
Easy to carry in purse or pocket but doesn't do anything better than the cheapest Kindle reader.
I bought this for my daughter. It was bundled with a solid bumper case and has a kid mode interface. She insisted on using her brother's iPad constantly. Not to say there is anything wrong with this product, it just wasn't for her.
I bought 2 Amazon Kid's Fire Tablets for my two grandsons for Christmas. Included in the purchase of the A.K.F. Tablets is a one year subscription to KID's Free Time.I have called & emailed inquiring about the registration process in order for my daughter to activate & begin using the free one year subscription of KID's FREE TIME, & still no resolution.Upon trying to register tablets, credit card used to purchase is required. I do not understand why my credit card needs to be submitted in order to obtain/activate a service that is included in the already PREPAID Purchase!I have been waiting for a response since Christmas.Therefore, at this time, I would have to give a 2 star rating due to the lack of customer service available for this product. With hope of getting this issue resolved I would still recommend to a friend.
The screen breaks way to easy it drop one time broke
This tablet is OK, sometimes it's kind of slow. Loads for a while before opening app. Storage has been good. 32 GB. I gave my son the freedom to download any game he wanted on prime time. And after 2 months he still has like 3gb left of space. Not recommend for kids over 10 years old. My son is 4 and sometimes he gets mad because tablet gets slow. Still good deal for 32gb, 1 year primetime for $80
Everything is locked out to Amazon, no compatibility with the Google Play Store and a lot of games the children play are on the Play Store. This product is bad because it is locked into only Amazon services.
Battery doesn't last the up to 7 hours estimate. Didn't even last 4 hours one day. Watches video mostly but should last longer than that.
I purchased 2 of these as Christmas gifts for our niece and nephew. We decided to unbox them and charge them up to be ready for Christmas day. After opening them, discovered they will not allow you to install any free apps or use them for much unless registered with an Amazon account and credit or gift card. I had absolutely no interest in giving a 4 and 7 year old access to one click shopping on my account so we returned these for android type kids tablets. There may be some way around this restriction, but I didn't find it.
it has great durability, but lacks great sound. The picture quality is just ok
The charging plugs on these kindle damage way to easy. I am very disappointed as this is not the first time this has happened to one of my kindles.
I love these Tablets, but the charging ports aren't the best. I bought 3 for Christmas and my kids take excellent care of them. I also do NOT them touch the tablets while they are charging. They have only had their tablets since Christmas day and they won't charge. I highly recommend getting the protection warranty for this item.
The reviews on this on Amazon seemed awesome. Little did I know that there is a chronic problem with the port on these tablets. We just bought this for Christmas and went to charge it for the first time. Nothing. We already loaded (and paid for) several apps, and now we're out that money. Also the charging cord that came with it appears it has been used before - there's some wear at the edge of it. So I went online to see if I could find this issue and there it is - everywhere. This is a problem that has been around for years, but Android - who is the ultimate culprit, has failed to fix it at the source. When you plug in the charger, there's no 'click' so you know it's in place. It just slides in and out. We've had Apple products for several years and never had an issue, then the first Droid product we purchase can't even be charged from the beginning. This will be going back to BestBuy - and will buy another iPad Mini - costs more, but is much much more reliable.
The tablet could be great for my 4 year old daughter if it worked properly. As of right now I need to return it to see if a new one will work. There are black and grey lines across the screen most of the time. It will not go to the home screen so my daughter can play on it. I am hoping a new one will not be faulty.
I did read about the game prior to buying it but so far the game is only half decent. Too much of the same thing.
This makes for a decent tablet for a kid with the kids edition, but I'm not sure I'd want it as an adult. There are much better tablets on the market. But since it's cheap, that's to be expected.
Works fine on wifi, otherwise a little slow. My kid enjoys it though. For the price it's good.
returning for a replacement. It got wet and quite working for a child's device it should be better made.
It would not turn on or charge. We have to return it to Kindle.
Downloaded movies for my son to watch and the audio is terrible, you could barely hear it so I returned it
So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all
Was looking for a tablet for my young daughter. This was on sale and had good reviews. After consulting with the sales associate with some questions, I decided to purchase item. Nice looking product, however, very little storage space.... after downloading a few apps... the storage was full and was required to buy more! Also, cannot play videos unless hooked up to wifi. Unlike the sales associate told me. Very disappointing!!! Would not recommend!
There is nothing spectacular about this item but also nothing majorly wrong with it. The biggest flaw is that this is geared to kids and there is no way that I have found searching settings or online to lock the touch screen so that a video keeps playing if the child hits the screen. This means lots of times helping get back into the movie or show rather than just relaxing like an iPad can do with guided access activated.
I didon't care for this tablet, downloading apps outside of Amazon was really confusing.
My 4yr old was able to operate it flawlessly. The included case works its magic to keep the tablet from any accidental screen cracks.
The layout of the tablet is good. Internet is terrible.
It's ok but I rather have bought Samsung Galaxy Tab
A good starter tablet, but very very slow. Don't expect and I Pad savy child to enjoy this. But for a true beginner it would be fine.
This device is a good if you are looking for a starter tablet for a young individual.
A good starter tablet, but very very slow. Don't expect and I Pad savy child to enjoy this. But for a true beginner it would be fine.
Christmas gift for 8 yr. Ended up returning. too slow and not enough content for our 8 yr old. Kids....... Great 2yr protection tho
Good tablet to take for my child to play on when out to dinner. Keeps him busy.
Grandson became board with what it offers. Plug wears out fast
This looked easy, but hard to setup if no experience with other than Apple products
I bought this for my 8year old son, he loves it just has very limited games on it
This tablet is grrrrrrreeeeeeeeaaaaaattttttt for the children!
Good tablet. Easy to use for 5 yr. Not as many free stuff as expected. Have to pay for most games, movies and books.
Right after we bought it the charging port broke but it was very easy to get the tablet replaced and shipped to our house. It's not very operations friendly and comes with very little instruction.
I would recommend this tablet for an older child. Maybe 7 and up.
The tablet is pretty good, I would give it 5 stars if you are able to download an use apps from the Google store, that is one of my only big complaint. And also how fast the SD card got filled with items from Amazon OS that's on the tablet without the user knowing. On the other hand, With four kids using tablets as reward time it helps the kids free time is awesome it useful
The tablet is for my son who is 2. That being said I noticed blotches on the screen. Never returned it due to it not making a difference to my son. I will have to upgrade him in question few years anyway. The bumper is amazing.
Limited activities for my son to surf the web and do the things he likes to do!
I love this tablet and the games. But battery sucks. It goes dead really fast and it freezes up a lot.
Only good for kids and games. Battery life is good.
Son loves it........................................
This was easy to setup and easy to hand over to my 4 yr old. She loves the different games and apps that are available to her.
Good for alittle ones for games and movies picture not so clear but not expensive
These are great tablets for the kids and the price is wonderful with the warranty and the soft, yet bulky (a good thing in this instance) case. The only thing I wish, was that it could access the Google Play Store so my kids could watch the movies we have in our Google Play Movies account.
I have 3 autistic kids and is great cause they can be rough .
I am happy so far with this tablet. It offers great protection for use with kids but is a little pricey for the lackluster performance. Great for kids.
When this item is charged it works great, but it takes too long to charge. Asking my 3 year old to wait about 3 hours (no exaggerating) is a bit much. We have tried to buy a new charger and it still takes just as long. My niece has this same tablet and it take about 45 minutes to charge once it is fully dead
Tablet is great. I am trying to get my daughter use to the kindle. We started her at 10 months on an Ipad and thought it would be easier to get one her own tablet now that she is almost 2. Not so, she is struggling to navigate in the kindle. I am not able to transfer her games and movies.
Hard time getting the free apps to load and the voice app to turn off when my seven year old accedently turned it on.
Bought this for my daughter(3) and she can't even use it because it is NOT kid friendly. It is so incredibly slow!! It freezes often and does not seem to work without wifi like it is supposed to. Also was supposed to come with a year free of Amazon free time and we have been charged for it every month !( it requires you to put a card number in before initial use. ) Keep calling Amazon and the foreign people can't seem to figure out the problem. Don't buy!
So slow returning mine for something different any suggestions
I bought it and wrapped it up immediately. So I couldn't say either way if it was good or not.
I have to say this was not that great a purchase and we will most likely be taking advantage of it's greatest product feature, which is the ability to return it for a full refund. We wanted a smaller tablet for our kids, well this is smaller in every way, options are limited and we have realized that we are better off just letting the kids use our tablet so we can buy the newest one. This thing may go back to the store as soon as tonight.
I purchased this item for my 7yr old daughter. We like it but we can't get the pictures of the apps to show
Its a nice little set up but it's slow. I wish I would have investigated them a little more before just jumping in.
You can not block Bing and it shows "trending now" News content. This can not be deleted or blocked. It also types ahead and adds content.
This is going to be a Christmas gift for my granddaughter so we don't know how good it is yet but we where going to put so games on it so it is ready to go and we couldn't because you have to have a amazon account to do anything with it.
I am disappointed that this is not more toddler friendly. It is a kindle inside a kid proof case. You have to set up child locks, etc. My biggest complaint is most of the games that are available you have to be connected to the internet. I wanted something to take to church, in the car, etc.
It's nice to have parental controls, but app grouping and bugs with apps hurts the experience. Parents will still need to look over child's shoulder to ensure games/apps are appropriate. Battery life is absolutely terrible.
volume is a problem we have to take off the protective case for it to sound clear.
Slow processor equates to slow internet browsing. User I nterface is ok. Really wish it had the capability to lock onto the movie screen while my toddler watches movies. Next time I'll just spend the additional money on an iPad mini for my kids.
Not sure why, but it kept freezing and ended up having to return it. Very disappointing
I bought this Kindle for my 7 year old grand-daughter. I bought a warranty for it. I bought it in August, I have already had to replace it. The charger connection got loose and was not charging. Well, it has happened again. I will need to exchange it again. The problem is that I have to buy the warranty each time. I was going to buy one for her brothers and sister, but I am now rethinking that.
Great beginner tablet for kids I would recommend it
Needs to be more simpler. parental contorl still need to be better
A few problems with games loading but over all good
It was ok. You need Internet. The SDmini is a hassle.
Seemed to be fine as Chtistmas gift for granddaughter. However, today she reported that it wouldn't turn on or charge today. Supposed to have two year unconditional guarantee. Don't know where to take it.
I bought 2 of these tablets for my two youngest children. They had a lot of options to chose from as far as children apps go, but they were already familiar with the iPad since they stole mine all the time. Lol. That made it hard for them as well as myself to figure out how to use at first. Besides that, it's a good product.
it was great for reading but the lag time for loading videos was a little bit longer than an iPad
I absolutely love how u. An switch from dif accounts
Kids will love this tablet, has a camera and kids can make movies with it. Wonderful for a child with a good imagination
At first I wanted to return this product, I bought it for my 2 yr old. I decided to keep it bc my husband liked it and of course my daughter likes it. I dnt like the fact you cant use the audible app on the kids version. I also bought it so my daughter could be independent, as far as the books none of them are read aloud. She came maneuver the games and movies tho. Its an ok product tho, I love Amazon. My daughter still likes my Samsung Tab better. Would recommend for older kids.
These are great tablets for the kids and the price is wonderful with the warranty and the soft, yet bulky (a good thing in this instance) case. The only thing I wish, was that it could access the Google Play Store so my kids could watch the movies we have in our Google Play Movies account.
It was too slow he didn't put any attention to it. Battery didn't last.
This is a good tablet for children and adults too. However there is an issue with the port and charger cable. We did not even have this tablet 3 weeks before it would barley charge. Took it back to best buy and they said they could not fox it, and imagine the port is not covered under the manufacturer warranty. So now I have a tablet that takes a couple days to charge. Its really frustrating.
I bought this for 3 year old to replace an older Ipad. it was functional but no where near level of ipad. This is understandable based on price difference/ I returned to store.
I'll give it 3 starts because it's a decent tablet. But if the screen messes up when I'm trying to use it i can't imagine how my granddaughter feels.
Good for little kids, it runs a little slow though
Great for the kids but not much space for all the apps they want.
I bought this for my 2-year old. She liked it for the first few days and then she went back to playing with my ipad. If I hadn't already introduce her to the ipad, I think she would have been fine with this.
This is just a regular fire tablet that has protective case.
I baught 2 for my kids, and figured that with the cover the the one year of freetime which includes all the videos, apps and games then it makes sense. I baught this one as a gift for a kid overseas, and all the content is not playing, when I contacted amazon, they said it's not for overseas, although I asked in Best Buy before I buy it and they assured me it works everywhere. It's totally overpriced for a tablet that doesn't play anything! Best Buy should know and let customers know specially when u ask specifically!
Super slow, not of decent quality.I would not buy another. Memory on it is lacking for 8 gig. I will not recommend it to anyone
this item is not good ok ...no use for my kids ,,,
Prob good for price but to many bugs. Freezes up often and games don't always load
Hard to connect to the internet. Extremely slow to load apps. Not many free apps like apple. The only thing I really like is the protection it offers.
Cumbersome, complicated and not kid friendly..... went with Apple, suggesting you do too.
I would would not recommend this for a child. It's not kid friendly at all. I have purchased 4 of them for my grandson and nephews and 3 was was damaged within a couple months. I think this product is is a better fit for adults.
When i purchased 2 if them i assumwd it would be kid friendly. Its fill with tons of bloat wear. The opening screen has about 15 -20 apps. It worse than a normal adult tablet. my kids dont use it at all because we have to unlock it for them everytime then open the kids app. Then we have to hover over them to help them ever step of the way.
Not able to play youtube that's what my daughter likes.
I didn't find it useful for my 4yr old daugter so i returned it the other day.All the games in it r so kiddy games.
Overall I wasn't too impressed with his tablet. Actually returned it for an iPad mini bc my kid like it better and it was easier to use.
I purchased this for my 4 year old to play. It was not as user friendly as described and VERY slow. It keeps pausing and freezing up, which is frustrating for anyone using it. I was told that I would receive 20 off of the prime subscription, however, that was not offered when registering this product. It may be good for some, but it was not a good fit for us.
Got this for my 8yo daughter. A lot of the times it doesn't work, I have to restart it a lot, and it only has 3 apps that I added on it. It came with way too many pre-loaded apps, and the most annoying thing is that the kids profile is permanently horizontal. Not really worth the money for me, but at least she's playing her Inside Out bubble game on her own tablet instead of my IPad.
Very difficult to connect to You Tube. Very frustrating
This is one of the perfect tab for kids, I bought it for my niece and she loved it.
I bought this tablet for my son and I don't like it. The touch screen is very poor quality. It's hard to move things around on it when he is playing a game. He prefers my iPad than to use his own. I know the iPad quality is probably the best quality but it's way under that! Very frustrating. Will be returning it.
My toddler did not like this tablet. It was a bit slow for her. Instead, she preferred an iPad over the Kindle Kids version.
This product wouldn't turn on nor charge and then store couldn't locate another one for me.
Maybe I had higher expectationin general i will not recommend since the service of Amazon solving situations is not as good as in other products, I've had so much troubles with the amazon free time, I am even not longer using it (it was one of the "big" features on the advertisment. I will recommend to look for other alternatives before to take a decision on buying this product
This product is not user friendly much less kid friendly. Took them back for samsungs.
did not power up...at all. I am so happy that my grand-niece wasn't here and doesn't know about this yet, she would have been crying.
Slow performance and charging port very low poor quality it gets frozen most of the times
The tablet itself was nice, but the screen was to small for books, videos, and minecraft.
After owning the kids Samsung, this seems confusing to navigate. Also they have returned to using the Samaumg
You get what you pay for. Playtime works when it wants to. Went on a long trip and the videos we downloaded had issues playing most of the time. My son is almost 2. He gets bored of it quickly. The pros are the price and it is well protected externally.
I have a few issues with this tablet. Mainly the fact that I can't get Google services on it, not even YouTube. Aside from that, the biggest downfall is the charging. The port is very loose and comes undone easily and the charge doesn't hold for very long.
It takes forever to download apps. I'm returning it will be getting something else.
Great case ok tablet no Android play store. Weak micro usb port. It's isn't an straight out the box tablet. Had to install Android play store on it. And as far as the charging port goes I'm on my 3rd one but best buy are the best with their return policy...
Perfect for that age group that I bought it for she 10and loves it.
The touch and loading the content is very bad, it doesn't respond quickly and it very slow
We found there to be too many pop up ads and returned it.
Touch response is not so good. so my kid refused to play games on this.Returned this product. Thanks to Bestbuy for the full refund
I purchase this tablet for my son and it was very disappointing on the 3 exchanges I had to do. First the charger was not working, second the free time was not connecting and third exchange it was freezing. So many good reviews for this tablet but it did not work for me.
This is the 2nd one I have bought. The first one went out before the 1 year. I contacted Amazon and the warranty for these was only 90 days. It is a good tablet for kids, but if you are looking for something long term. I would spend the extra $$ for at least something that has a 1 year limited warranty.
There's not much difference in the regular Kindle. Wait till it goes on sale.
7 year old boy broke it in less than 2 months even with the bumper guard on. Won't power up. When it WAS working, very limited on storage. Ran out of space in 1 hour, so the wifi wouldn't work. Had go in and explain to him he couldn't download more than a hand full of apps at a time. Doesn't matter now since it won't even turn on or charge.
This product works, but works slow compared to Apple and some Android phones/tablets. Like I stated in my summary... you pay for what you get. No major issues thus far.
meh. it works. i find it difficult to navigate. i also have an ipad mini. this seems to be less intuitive than the ipad.
Decent little tablet if you are not a game player. Tablet shuts down and I cant get it back on when I play games for long periods of time. It's not my ipad, that's for sure.
In my opinion it's very slow for internet use. Good for our 5 yr old to use but we purchased this for her to do online curriculums, which is almost impossible to do with this tablet because of the speed. Our internet connection is great with every other laptop and computer in the house.
Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK
The last 2 models of Kindle HDX 8 have been terrible. We have purchased 2 of each model of Kindle and up until the last 2 models, they have been great. Last years had to be replaced 7 or 8 times and for the same problem. The slot for the SD card is defective. I gave up and bought the newest model. It shuts completely down if you try to plug it in to external speakers and sometimes it shuts down for no reason. It's going back after the first of the year. This is going to be my last year for Kindles unless they make them the same quality as before. Phooey!
I had to return this product as it was not compatible with things such as Facebook and Itunes... which is what I needed it for. Great if you are into books and streaming movies!
I bought this because I have ebooks in college. Not only could I not get my ebook. I called the school IT department. They could not either. My semester was already started. The sales representative at the store told me this is what I needed. I ended up buying a tablet from my phone carrier and my ebooks were right there in less than 5 minutes with the schools IT department help.
Thought this would be perfect for my two children. The case, warranty and pass to download unlimited apps seemed great. However, the pad is sometimes unresponsive and inaccurate-which can be frustrating for children. The case is a little too bulky. And it can be confusing for children who want to push an icon to play but it instead downloads. There is a definite learning curve that they will overcome in time but it could be more user friendly for younger users.
For me, the Kindle Black was not a good fit for me. There are times I read at night in bed when my husband is sleeping. This model doesn't have a back light so I'm unable to read at night without turning on a light and waking up my husband.So I returned and went for a Kindle Fire.
This tablet is OK, sometimes it's kind of slow. Loads for a while before opening app. Storage has been good. 32 GB. I gave my son the freedom to download any game he wanted on prime time. And after 2 months he still has like 3gb left of space. Not recommend for kids over 10 years old. My son is 4 and sometimes he gets mad because tablet gets slow. Still good deal for 32gb, 1 year primetime for $80
I purchased 2 of these as Christmas gifts for our niece and nephew. We decided to unbox them and charge them up to be ready for Christmas day. After opening them, discovered they will not allow you to install any free apps or use them for much unless registered with an Amazon account and credit or gift card. I had absolutely no interest in giving a 4 and 7 year old access to one click shopping on my account so we returned these for android type kids tablets. There may be some way around this restriction, but I didn't find it.
it has great durability, but lacks great sound. The picture quality is just ok
It is difficult to understand the instructions. I am still working on it.
The charging plugs on these kindle damage way to easy. I am very disappointed as this is not the first time this has happened to one of my kindles.
I love these Tablets, but the charging ports aren't the best. I bought 3 for Christmas and my kids take excellent care of them. I also do NOT them touch the tablets while they are charging. They have only had their tablets since Christmas day and they won't charge. I highly recommend getting the protection warranty for this item.
The reviews on this on Amazon seemed awesome. Little did I know that there is a chronic problem with the port on these tablets. We just bought this for Christmas and went to charge it for the first time. Nothing. We already loaded (and paid for) several apps, and now we're out that money. Also the charging cord that came with it appears it has been used before - there's some wear at the edge of it. So I went online to see if I could find this issue and there it is - everywhere. This is a problem that has been around for years, but Android - who is the ultimate culprit, has failed to fix it at the source. When you plug in the charger, there's no 'click' so you know it's in place. It just slides in and out. We've had Apple products for several years and never had an issue, then the first Droid product we purchase can't even be charged from the beginning. This will be going back to BestBuy - and will buy another iPad Mini - costs more, but is much much more reliable.
I did read about the game prior to buying it but so far the game is only half decent. Too much of the same thing.
This makes for a decent tablet for a kid with the kids edition, but I'm not sure I'd want it as an adult. There are much better tablets on the market. But since it's cheap, that's to be expected.
returning for a replacement. It got wet and quite working for a child's device it should be better made.
It would not turn on or charge. We have to return it to Kindle.
So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all
Was looking for a tablet for my young daughter. This was on sale and had good reviews. After consulting with the sales associate with some questions, I decided to purchase item. Nice looking product, however, very little storage space.... after downloading a few apps... the storage was full and was required to buy more! Also, cannot play videos unless hooked up to wifi. Unlike the sales associate told me. Very disappointing!!! Would not recommend!
It does its job but I would buy one which the screen is brighter. There are times that it's difficult to read because screen is not too bright
There is nothing spectacular about this item but also nothing majorly wrong with it. The biggest flaw is that this is geared to kids and there is no way that I have found searching settings or online to lock the touch screen so that a video keeps playing if the child hits the screen. This means lots of times helping get back into the movie or show rather than just relaxing like an iPad can do with guided access activated.
I didon't care for this tablet, downloading apps outside of Amazon was really confusing.
My 5 year old dropped this from a standing position (about a foot off the ground) and it busted. I had to use the BB warranty to replace it the day after purchase for a fall that the tablet should've been able to handle that is designed for kids. I'm happy with the apps, but definitely not thrilled with the lack of protection that is designed for kids.
The layout of the tablet is good. Internet is terrible.
In my opinion this model is too small and feels cheap. And sd card slot.
There is no way to lock the font size and it changes if you touch the screen. I liked my paper white better but it died.
It's ok but I rather have bought Samsung Galaxy Tab
Disappointed to realize there is not a light for night reading. Size and weight is great.
A good starter tablet, but very very slow. Don't expect and I Pad savy child to enjoy this. But for a true beginner it would be fine.
This device is a good if you are looking for a starter tablet for a young individual.
Its a decent reader for beginners. There is no backlight, so not good for reading in dark. also slips from hands, so purchase a cover if you buy it.
The kindle is good to download apps for books catch up with reading
This device is good for entry level reader only in daylight.Its doesnot support reading in dark. To read in dark you will have to purchase a light or cover case with light attached. I either case it will put a lot of strain in your eyes.
Good tablet to take for my child to play on when out to dinner. Keeps him busy.
This is a pretty cool little device. Im able to download books through wireless and read them later at my convenience. Only drawback is I wish it had more storage. But for the price, it works good.
Grandson became board with what it offers. Plug wears out fast
This looked easy, but hard to setup if no experience with other than Apple products
This tablet is grrrrrrreeeeeeeeaaaaaattttttt for the children!
Good tablet. Easy to use for 5 yr. Not as many free stuff as expected. Have to pay for most games, movies and books.
Right after we bought it the charging port broke but it was very easy to get the tablet replaced and shipped to our house. It's not very operations friendly and comes with very little instruction.
The tablet is pretty good, I would give it 5 stars if you are able to download an use apps from the Google store, that is one of my only big complaint. And also how fast the SD card got filled with items from Amazon OS that's on the tablet without the user knowing. On the other hand, With four kids using tablets as reward time it helps the kids free time is awesome it useful
The tablet is for my son who is 2. That being said I noticed blotches on the screen. Never returned it due to it not making a difference to my son. I will have to upgrade him in question few years anyway. The bumper is amazing.
I purchased 2 others for my 5 & 6yr-olds, and my 3yr-old niece enjoyed playing theirs so much I then bought this one for her. The included 1yr subscription to free-time is awsome for the kids! Parental controls are great, and included apps are helpful.The lower rating is because the charging port was extremely loose, as the cord falls out ALL the time! Very Frustrating!
Limited activities for my son to surf the web and do the things he likes to do!
Only good for kids and games. Battery life is good.
Son loves it........................................
This was easy to setup and easy to hand over to my 4 yr old. She loves the different games and apps that are available to her.
Good for alittle ones for games and movies picture not so clear but not expensive
These are great tablets for the kids and the price is wonderful with the warranty and the soft, yet bulky (a good thing in this instance) case. The only thing I wish, was that it could access the Google Play Store so my kids could watch the movies we have in our Google Play Movies account.
I have 3 autistic kids and is great cause they can be rough .
When this item is charged it works great, but it takes too long to charge. Asking my 3 year old to wait about 3 hours (no exaggerating) is a bit much. We have tried to buy a new charger and it still takes just as long. My niece has this same tablet and it take about 45 minutes to charge once it is fully dead
Tablet is great. I am trying to get my daughter use to the kindle. We started her at 10 months on an Ipad and thought it would be easier to get one her own tablet now that she is almost 2. Not so, she is struggling to navigate in the kindle. I am not able to transfer her games and movies.
Am used to Kindle Fire which I love. No light to read by in the dark. Hard to navigate. This was a gift - would never purchase on my own.
After buying this tablet for my grandchildren I was going through the initial setup procedure.That's where I was surprised to learn that after using this tablet for a year I would be charged fees to continue with the selected programs I used for a year.Time to take it back to the store. No hidden fees.
So slow returning mine for something different any suggestions
I bought it and wrapped it up immediately. So I couldn't say either way if it was good or not.
I have to say this was not that great a purchase and we will most likely be taking advantage of it's greatest product feature, which is the ability to return it for a full refund. We wanted a smaller tablet for our kids, well this is smaller in every way, options are limited and we have realized that we are better off just letting the kids use our tablet so we can buy the newest one. This thing may go back to the store as soon as tonight.
I purchased this item for my 7yr old daughter. We like it but we can't get the pictures of the apps to show
Its a nice little set up but it's slow. I wish I would have investigated them a little more before just jumping in.
I like the ipad its very helpful my son has learned alot and i hope that it will help other kids too as they prepare for pre k
I am disappointed that this is not more toddler friendly. It is a kindle inside a kid proof case. You have to set up child locks, etc. My biggest complaint is most of the games that are available you have to be connected to the internet. I wanted something to take to church, in the car, etc.
It's nice to have parental controls, but app grouping and bugs with apps hurts the experience. Parents will still need to look over child's shoulder to ensure games/apps are appropriate. Battery life is absolutely terrible.
volume is a problem we have to take off the protective case for it to sound clear.
Slow processor equates to slow internet browsing. User I nterface is ok. Really wish it had the capability to lock onto the movie screen while my toddler watches movies. Next time I'll just spend the additional money on an iPad mini for my kids.
Not sure why, but it kept freezing and ended up having to return it. Very disappointing
I bought this Kindle for my 7 year old grand-daughter. I bought a warranty for it. I bought it in August, I have already had to replace it. The charger connection got loose and was not charging. Well, it has happened again. I will need to exchange it again. The problem is that I have to buy the warranty each time. I was going to buy one for her brothers and sister, but I am now rethinking that.
Battery dies after an hour...should last longer for the money. Will not bold charge.
Great beginner tablet for kids I would recommend it
Needs to be more simpler. parental contorl still need to be better
A few problems with games loading but over all good
It was ok. You need Internet. The SDmini is a hassle.
Seemed to be fine as Chtistmas gift for granddaughter. However, today she reported that it wouldn't turn on or charge today. Supposed to have two year unconditional guarantee. Don't know where to take it.
it was great for reading but the lag time for loading videos was a little bit longer than an iPad
1st kindle screen failed & had to reboot often. Customer Service couldn't fix. Replaced. 2nd one screen reboots often. Customer service offered replace. Just want one that works. Can't get upgrade replacement
I absolutely love how u. An switch from dif accounts
Kids will love this tablet, has a camera and kids can make movies with it. Wonderful for a child with a good imagination
Got this for my 9 year old and several games that he wants to play are not accessible on this tablet. Seems like this is geared more towards younger kids. Case is good though and keeps tablet safe. Would be tough to break!!
I got 2 of this for kids 5 and 3 it is a pretty good tablet, easy to navigate for the children but (and this is on me for not researching) but kid content is only free for a year, after that you gotta pay a monthly fee which is cheaper if you are a prime member, but still...Now reason why I'm about to return them! You CANNOT get YouTube kids at all! No google apps. You can get some YouTube kids clones on the adult profile and add them to the kid's profile but they stink. They're full of commercials.So I wasn't expecting this tablet to be like an iPad but this is a deal breaker for me.
At first I wanted to return this product, I bought it for my 2 yr old. I decided to keep it bc my husband liked it and of course my daughter likes it. I dnt like the fact you cant use the audible app on the kids version. I also bought it so my daughter could be independent, as far as the books none of them are read aloud. She came maneuver the games and movies tho. Its an ok product tho, I love Amazon. My daughter still likes my Samsung Tab better. Would recommend for older kids.
These are great tablets for the kids and the price is wonderful with the warranty and the soft, yet bulky (a good thing in this instance) case. The only thing I wish, was that it could access the Google Play Store so my kids could watch the movies we have in our Google Play Movies account.
It was too slow he didn't put any attention to it. Battery didn't last.
I was hoping he would not want to put it down, like the other tablet he had (sprout chubby )But he stills wants my phone.
This was my second kindle and I didn't realize that it wasn't paper white . What a difference. I took this back to the store and exchanged for paper white.. this was not easy to read for me
I'll give it 3 starts because it's a decent tablet. But if the screen messes up when I'm trying to use it i can't imagine how my granddaughter feels.
The tablet itself works fine but this is the 2nd one I have gotten with a similar problem. The port seems to come defected. The charger doesn't stay in and it takes a long time to charge. Replaced charger with a brand new one and it still has issues.
Good for little kids, it runs a little slow though
Great for the kids but not much space for all the apps they want.
Good features for kids, but definitely not enough storage. You'll need to get an SD card and set things to download to that or it will freeze and stop working.
This is just a regular fire tablet that has protective case.
I baught 2 for my kids, and figured that with the cover the the one year of freetime which includes all the videos, apps and games then it makes sense. I baught this one as a gift for a kid overseas, and all the content is not playing, when I contacted amazon, they said it's not for overseas, although I asked in Best Buy before I buy it and they assured me it works everywhere. It's totally overpriced for a tablet that doesn't play anything! Best Buy should know and let customers know specially when u ask specifically!
Picture quality is not good. I don't like this product
this item is not good ok ...no use for my kids ,,,
Prob good for price but to many bugs. Freezes up often and games don't always load
Hard to connect to the internet. Extremely slow to load apps. Not many free apps like apple. The only thing I really like is the protection it offers.
I would would not recommend this for a child. It's not kid friendly at all. I have purchased 4 of them for my grandson and nephews and 3 was was damaged within a couple months. I think this product is is a better fit for adults.
When i purchased 2 if them i assumwd it would be kid friendly. Its fill with tons of bloat wear. The opening screen has about 15 -20 apps. It worse than a normal adult tablet. my kids dont use it at all because we have to unlock it for them everytime then open the kids app. Then we have to hover over them to help them ever step of the way.
Not able to play youtube that's what my daughter likes.
I didn't find it useful for my 4yr old daugter so i returned it the other day.All the games in it r so kiddy games.
I purchased this for my 4 year old to play. It was not as user friendly as described and VERY slow. It keeps pausing and freezing up, which is frustrating for anyone using it. I was told that I would receive 20 off of the prime subscription, however, that was not offered when registering this product. It may be good for some, but it was not a good fit for us.
It is affordable and it had Increased storage but no backlight and the screen could be better!
Got this for my 8yo daughter. A lot of the times it doesn't work, I have to restart it a lot, and it only has 3 apps that I added on it. It came with way too many pre-loaded apps, and the most annoying thing is that the kids profile is permanently horizontal. Not really worth the money for me, but at least she's playing her Inside Out bubble game on her own tablet instead of my IPad.
I love having real books, but these are great for travel and keeping your bookshelves lighter. I wish you could buy them with larger storage without having to buy the larger size pad. It also sucks that they are 4gig, but 1gig is taken up by the OS and advertising. Seriously? It reads PDFs and needs a 1 gig OS. Lame. The last thing I would change is being able to reverse the lettering so at night you could have white lettering and a black background, so it's less bright on the eyes.
Not a lot of memory, dies fast. Great games........
Very difficult to connect to You Tube. Very frustrating
I cannot believe i bought this junk. It's always in freezing mode and i have to reboot it multiple times within a given hour. None of the apps work properly. I have tried to update the op. system, but that didnt help.
My toddler did not like this tablet. It was a bit slow for her. Instead, she preferred an iPad over the Kindle Kids version.
This product wouldn't turn on nor charge and then store couldn't locate another one for me.
I bought it cause I wanted to read more. That didn't happen, I tried and I just can't read on devices I need old school paper between my hands
This product is not user friendly much less kid friendly. Took them back for samsungs.
The screen size could be bigger like the earlier versions of kindle.
Wish it was a bit faster loading and browsing, but functions as you would expect for kid friendly product. I would spend the extra money next time for a tablet designed for adults but had strong parental controls
Slow performance and charging port very low poor quality it gets frozen most of the times
So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all...
You get what you pay for. Playtime works when it wants to. Went on a long trip and the videos we downloaded had issues playing most of the time. My son is almost 2. He gets bored of it quickly. The pros are the price and it is well protected externally.
I have a few issues with this tablet. Mainly the fact that I can't get Google services on it, not even YouTube. Aside from that, the biggest downfall is the charging. The port is very loose and comes undone easily and the charge doesn't hold for very long.
It takes forever to download apps. I'm returning it will be getting something else.
Great case ok tablet no Android play store. Weak micro usb port. It's isn't an straight out the box tablet. Had to install Android play store on it. And as far as the charging port goes I'm on my 3rd one but best buy are the best with their return policy...
Perfect for that age group that I bought it for she 10and loves it.
The screen is too dark, and cannot adjust the brightness
The touch and loading the content is very bad, it doesn't respond quickly and it very slow
I just broke my 3rd generation kindle after many years, had to get a new one...the new kindle has more features in an intrusive format, it is hard to get books loaded, deleted, collected, and even to turn the page..an inadvertant tap on the wrong part of the page, or a twitchy finger, and you're down the rabbit hole..I really just want a reader, not another tablet
We found there to be too many pop up ads and returned it.
I thought it would be as big as small paper but turn out to be just like my palm. I think it is too small to read on it... not very comfortable as regular Kindle. Would definitely recommend a paperwhite instead.
Touch response is not so good. so my kid refused to play games on this.Returned this product. Thanks to Bestbuy for the full refund
it would not load my books proper. took a dozen tries erasing an dreregistering. screen too dark
It was working great then all of a sudden it wouldnt come on
Very slow performance and sometimes applications freeze up and don't work very well , charging port very low quality
There's not much difference in the regular Kindle. Wait till it goes on sale.
This product works, but works slow compared to Apple and some Android phones/tablets. Like I stated in my summary... you pay for what you get. No major issues thus far.
Certified garbage! Lesson learned about paying attention to reviews. Fire TV box and remote was packaged like new, even included new batteries. After plugging it in it would only show Amazon logo and 'unknown boot' on screen. Cycled power several times and even tried to reset using remote buttons, no dice. I read all the negative reviews before I purchased this, I chose to take the chance so I'm angry with myself, but very disappointed with Amazon for even suggesting this is refurbished, let alone certified, as if that means something.
Stay away from the certified refurbished Amazon Fire TV. I received two Certified Refurbished defective fire TVs. The first the screen looked half corrupted, see the pictures. The second Certified Refurbished Amazon fire tv I received would not boot up, it was stuck in an infinite loop where I would only see the amazon logo for 10 seconds then it would boot up again.If anything, Amazon needs to re-visit its refurbishment process and quality control of the refurbished products they let get in consumer hands.Update 11/28/16: I purchased a new Fire TV during the BF sale and I have had no issues so far :).
I bought this thing refurbished. I find that I have to unplug / plug back in the HDMI cable on a regular basis when switching inputs on the TV. Not sure if it is the Amazon Fire box itself or if it is the TV (Not likely).Otherwise it is a good device. I bought it for the ability to hard wire my Ethernet connection to my gigabit switch and for 4K capabilities which it does do. Having the Alexa app is handy but her features can be severely handicapped.I probably should have just bought it new..... usually refurbished devices work well as they are tested before resale and it was probably tough to catch that the HDMI port on these might be finicky. I may have to switch it out.
This is a neat little device and I love it. I am glad they added Audible functionality. It is a little pricey for an E-reader... actually very pricey but I got mine as a gift. I wish you didn't have to pay to have the ad's disabled though :(
I was initially happy that my Kindle replacement charging cord arrived so promptly, it seemed to work fine. But after only one use, the outer covering of the cord started cracking falling off in bits. It now is almost completely covered by electrical tape, as the bits fall off w/ each every use. I will end up having to buy a new one after all...
I purchased my Kindle2 in March of 09 - and it came with this adapter and cord. It is now October 09, and the small part of the adapter for this cord has stopped working. Fortunately, I was able to plug the CORD part into my laptop's USB port, and charge the Kindle that way. While plugged into a wall socket using Amazon's adapter, it does not charge at all (no light, no charge, no nothin'). I tried using the USB/Power adapter for my iPod, but the charge light blinked intermittently, and it seemed to drain the Kindle's battery. I have only had this for 9 months. I think the adapter should last longer than that. Preferably, Amazon could/should have come up with an interface that allows the use of adapters we already have - like for our phones or iPods. It's not rocket science... but it IS marketing. I came online to purchase the replacement, but I'm not sure I want to buy the same thing.... I have both the original Kindle and the Kindle2, and I love the product, but with this adapter, I have to ask.... Why
Can someone explain to me why I can find hundreds and hundreds of people with this disintegrating isulation on charging cord problem, but not ONE post from Amazon with an official Company Statement about these defective, inferior, slave-labor built, imported, crap charging cablesAnyoneI'll be you dollars to donuts that these 100s of complains will bloom into 10s of thousands, as the existing, bad cables mature. (dry out, degrade, undergo radioactive decay, whatever their issue is). I'll bet I'll win!
I am bring it back for an exchange. (a different make)
I was hoping to use Google launcher with this tablet but it is really locked down and you cannot change the launcher or the lock screen. Still cheap and fine for watching movies.
My father upgraded from the original Kindle Fire to this model, and he's very happy with it. It doesn't compete with more mainstream tablets, but he likes the Kindle's system for downloading library books.
This is good for kids. Cheap enough that if they destroy it, you won't get upset
If ads dont bother you, then this may be a decent device. Purchased this for my kid and it was loaded down with so much spam, it kept loading it up making it slow and laggy. Plus the carrasoul loadout makes it hard to navigate for kids, not very kid friendly! Oh you can pay $15 to remove the ads but it wont remove them all. Buy the samsung, better everything!
Tablet stopped working after owning for two weeks. Came back on after an hour.
A rating of 3 starts is what I can give this product. The Fire HD8 show a nice picture and is used mostly to watch NetFlix. However, the Fire HD8 will restart when the battery indicators is at 35%. I am not sure what is causing the issue or why.
If you need a basic tablet then the fire works. It falls apart when compared to the iPad mini from a usability, functionality and available apps standpoint.
For the price it can't be beat. That being said I had to return mine after a week. I just couldn't get over the low resolution screen. It works well for movies and the Web, but I needed it to also show off my photos to others.
Tablet had trouble from the begging it kept restarting and rebooting I had to return it.
Though I have got it for cheap price during black friday, this Fire is not that great. Very bad camera and dim screen resolution. Pros:Install Google Play without any hassleVery good book reading option
Does not let me connect with my library. Very diapointed
upgraded my 3 year old kindle- same old. doesnt seem that great of a difference. the graphical interface still sucks but its decent for reading.
Best gift for Beginers. Less Price and enough speed and memory. Kids like it a lot.
I liked it at first except the browser is kind of clunky. Also you can. It use all android Apps. The worst thing though was mine just stopped working in the middle of watching a movie on a long plane flight. It was fully charged. I have tried recharging and turning on etc. it is just a blank screen and off. Kind of a cool paperweight. Hope I can get my money back. Or get a new one.
I like this tablet. I had a nook, the fire has more memory, bigger screen and lower price. The downside? The Amazon Fire is so ridiculously proprietary that I cannot watch any of my movies on it from my nook. This is becoming industry standard. Too bad.
I got a magenta color because I loved the beautiful purple-ish color shown on the picture. Instead I got a really bright pink-ish color which looks nothing like the color shown here. I went to the store hoping to replace it with a different color but was told that since I bought it on sale, I had to pay the $30 dollar price difference if I wanted to exchange. Unbelievable. The product is good but I never liked the Best buy customer service.
This thing lasted not even a month before it went dead. Going to try and take it back
The display is not as sharp and vivid as they say but still good. Probably better for reading than watching videos. We didn't really get it for the games, but there is a good selection. WiFi works well and internet browsing is fast.
Bought it in order to watch NBC but the NBC app isn't compatible, so now I have a paperweight.
I bought this tablet as a replacement for my wife's Fire TV HDX 8.9 as her battery life is starting to decrease as it is getting older. Unfortunately, she was not happy with it as the tablet is slightly smaller screen wise (the next step is 10" which is way too big, and has 4 less hours of battery life) and I was disappointed despite it being a newer tablet it was not able to decode HEVC, like the Fire TV 2015 boxes we have connected to our televisions. This unfortunately is a show stopper, as we can't view the movie library we have on this tablet. We will wait until a newer version comes out that is improved.
I was initially excited to get the Kindle. I am extremely disappointed with all the ads. Even more disappointed to find out that I could pay Amazon more money to remove the ads. It's frustrating that Best Buy and more specifically Amazon, don't let the consumer know on the box or in store advertising that what you're buying is a mini advertising billboard. Why couldn't there be an upfront statement on the box or in the store stating that the "low price" is subsidized by all the ads on the device? Would this have changed my purchase? Absolutely!!!! I would have spent a couple bucks more and probably got a Samsung tablet.
I bought this on line as a gift. The unit does not stay on and I cannot get in touch with anyone to get the unit repaired
I bought this tablet for my 4 year old daughter. Too many advertisements. I would rather pay more and not have a single ad.
Ok tablet from amazon, added Google play to device for more apps. Google how to do this.
Fine for reading, ...haven't used it for anything else yet
Was looking for a cheap tablet for my a son to use saw this unit on sale on black Friday good unit.
The headphone jack restarts the tablet when you plug the headphone cord into it. That is why I am giving the product only 2 stars. Otherwise, the screen is great.
Very helpful and friendly. Didn't have too much selection on what I was looking for. But found what I needed.
Much harder to work than an android. None of the wallpaper apps I downloaded from the kindle store work on the device. many of the other apps look cheap on the display. other wise it is prettier and more responsive than the cheaper $49 tablet. They make it look like an android tablet but it is not. no google play. Everything is just harder to work than on a regular android BUT for a tablet under $100 it exceeds expectations. It is more responsive than other models of fire
I know beforehand that this is not a powerful tablet. But it's the best bargain at this price point . The screen is okay if you just read books, news, or surf the websites. But if you want to enjoy videos-this is not your choice.The processor is slow and the amazon app store doesn't have all the apps like you'd expect from Google appstore- even though the OS based on android. But few tweaks let you install the Google playstore-search online for the steps.Overall I'm satisfied with my purchase. Hope this is helpful.
like it at first, but it is going slow sometimes. overall good product
At this price point it is very good. But having being used ipad the display doesnt look sharp. Amazon app store lacks content. Overall good for my 9 yr old.
I previously owned the Fire HD 7 and was excited about the HD 8. After getting the HD 8 and using it I started to notice how they were able to cut costs. The screen was not as crisp, the processor was slower and the speakers were not as loud as previous versions. Overall a good buy for the price but if you are expecting the quality that went into previous versions look elsewhere.
ok for price a little slow and doesn't have as many apps as google play.
The built quality is great taking into considerarions its price. The tablet is pretty fast and responsive. However, Amazon's operating system is horrible. I miss a lot of apps that I use in my Apple devices, and some others that just don't work as good such as Mint and Netflix (don't have download capability). Also it won't work with my Chromecast devices...
It was great product. the price which I got it was great.
Easy to use and lots of handy features. Downside is the ads that apparently can't be shut off and you can't upload and and play downloaded YouTube videos unless you are online.
Good tablet overall just not enough memory but with an sd card just love it
Not very fancy, but not slow. If you have Amazon Prime, you have a access to a great library of TV shows and Movies for free. Same goes for free book rentals. The Amazon App store is not so great, lots of apps are outdated but still work. Just not the latest versions you would expect. But the Amazon Underground appstore does offer free access to games you would normally pay for. It's decent for it's price and a good deal if you don't want anything fancy.
Good tablet but not as smooth as high end tablets. It's limited to Amazon so don't expect to do as much as an Android or iPad. I like mine and will continue to use it. I recommend using one if you can before buying.
Pros:Great value for moneyEnough power to handle lot of Android gamesDecent battery lifeCons:Feels slow after using for a few weeksLow-resolution screen and camera.
It's a good tablet for the value. Downside is there's no Google Play Store access. So you're limited to apps in the Amazon app store.
This is a good tablet for basic use. I ened up returning it and going with an iPad which met my needs more. This tablet would be good for someone with limited computer knowledge/use.
Bought the fire for my mother who is 72 to learn how to use a computer the price was right and she can use it to search the web
fire tablet is very powerful for the size and does everything!
nice size, very clear but randomly shuts off. cant remove unwanted apps from the home screen. if you watch video..it buffers alot and laggs.
Got this for my 10 year old grandson. He really likes it a lot. This is good for kids to learn responsibility using tablets.
I didn't do any in depth research on this particular tablet. The price and speed were good for what I wanted it for. My only con is not being able to clear the home screen of apps or relocate them so I can see my personal home screen picture.
Overall this is a great product. It sometimes freezes with some of the games but other apps work great. Alexa is a great addition.
The Amazon Fire HD8 (2016 model) is a great tablet for the price; however, the Fire OS offers limited abilities to the user. Personally, I wish there were ways to mirror the screen to a tv without having to purchase a Fire TV streaming stick. Also, the inability to use the google play store is a major set back. If it weren't for those two complaint, I'd give this tablet 4 stars.
My 5 yr old loves it, however we do experience some sound issues from time to time.
I gave this as a gift for Christmas and still can't get it set up will have to go to geek squad to help
I really liked the build quality but the very lackluster performance and minuscule battery life didn't make it a keeper for me.
not good, hate it , never buy it again, sucks. done
It's unfair for me to rate this product cause I have not even taken it out of the box to set it up.
This is decent reader and Netflix device. Lots of bugs and gotchas when trying to use - icons going off screen, random locking, random performance hits while doing the same task. Returned. Buying an iPad mini 2. The build quality is just not there.
If you shop on Amazon all the time, this will help make it easier still. Lots of ads pop up, and you can't use apps from non-Amazon sources unless you root it, and that is complicated. This is not a realistic alternative to an iPad or Galaxy Note. If you just want to a device to shop on Amazon with, you'll love it.
I'm disappointed that it doesn't have a mirror display mode.
Thought it was to be better than what it is. Mother in law can play games an Facebook on it. Next time I will buy her a samsung
Battery lasts a long time but I actually like my old Fire more.
my kids have this. it works okay for things like youtube or netflix. Apps take longer to load and many games that you can get for the iPad aren't available on the Fire Tablet. Still say go with Mac.
I really wanted to give this device a chance but I did end up returning it. It's a HUGE upgrade though over the cheaper 7" version. Honestly I don't think anyone should purchase that. If your budget can handle getting this version and you are heavily invested in the Amazon ecosystem (i.e. Prime member) this will make a great tablet. I think it is intended more for kids though than adults. Having iPads in the house we tried this with our toddler as a cheaper tablet for her but the interface and quirks of the Amazon OS just were not worth the hassle. Will end up seeking out a used iPad Mini 2 instead of this.
My kids really like this and if your buying a tablet for kids it's worth it, but maybe not so great for adults.
It is just an average tablet. Bit slow but is a good option for people on budget
I bought the 8" version on impulse because of an excellent offer on Black Friday. As an Amazon product, it offers Amazon apps. While you can get Google Play apps, it requires some hoops. I just discovered I can't save movies from Netflix because that only applies to the HDX version. So this product has limits. But used as a Kindle reader, or to get email via wifi, or other uses (wifi only) while traveling where you wouldn't want to take an expensive device, it is a good choice.
This is not a bad product. Amazon offers greats products but this tablet was missing features even for a basic tablet. The lack of google chrome compatibility made this tablet not right for me.
I'm planning on returning this tablet just as soon as I can!`
When my husband and I bought our Kindle Fire 8, we went to Best Buy and asked questions as best we could. There are programs we apparently need to put create and edit documents and spreadsheets!! We did ask if it had those features and was told yes but I think we need to have a special app. Why isn't there a manual or step by step guide on getting the most use out of Kindle Fire 8. Can I get it online? Kindle Fire 8 fun to use but needs more info for customers. Can we go to a class at Best Buy? Thanks for any help.
Its cheap, but the you will notice the low screen resolution compared to iPad. App is somewhat limited unless you side load it.
the amount i paid for the tablet is worth it on sale.
Hoped this Fire HD 8 would be faster than my old HD Fire...not so much, I guess I expected the new Fire HD 8 to perform better but it still lags and is slow to load information while surfing the Internet. My wife's Ipad is light years ahead on this one, but what do you expect from a 60-70 dollar tablet.
horrible...just like the other 7 i have owned ONLY due to warranties
The camera is not very sharp , and you can not download another one .
I have had every version of the Kindle since the week it was introduced and jumped at the chance for a Kindle Fire. I replaced the first one I had in 2014 and it was everything I wanted except this past summer it started overheating and got nonresponsive in the midday heat. So...I got this one. First of all I miss Swype. WHY get rid of it? Secondly I cannot put two of my favorite apps (which work on my old one) to work on this but lastly and most importantly: every once in awhile the screen freezes with a bunch of code "shimmering" in the background and only turning it off and/or leaving it for awhile brings it back to life AND it turns itself off. It seems to happen when I close a program and move to a new one. Aggravating and not what I expect from a product with which I have been happy in the past.
This tablet is great for books, audible books, music and all things Amazon. The included browser (Silk) is not the best. I purchased expanded memory (64GB SD card) for about $30 more and a cover for about $20. The biggest issue I have with this unit is that it is slow (when compared to an iPad) and it tends to freeze every so often. For about 2.5x more money, consider an iPad instead.
I had to sideload google play services to be able to download from the google play store or use google chrome as a web browser, as this tablet was designed to be exclusive to Amazon.
This is an older tablet. I probobly expected too much. If I'm going to deal with lagginess I prefer my ipad2.
Will not seem to charge all the way and this is my 7th Kindlle.
Need to have some computer savvy. Wound be much more helpful if it came with a simple basic instructions.
I purchased this to download books for school. Screen too small and OS was not to my liking
Worse graphics, won't keep a wireless connection,overall not satisfied
Nice tablet but as usual with these items no instructions on how to get started
I was expecting an Android device and discovered it was an "Android like" device. My fault for not reading up on his device before hand. I returned the Amazon Fire and bought a Samsung Tab E.I probably would recommend this tablet if you wanted a device for reading.
My wife wanted an iPad. I bought her this because it was cheaper and good for reading and playing games. She uses iOS products so it's not compatible. She hardly ever uses it. Next time I'll get what she wants and not waste my money.
I went with this tablet based on many good customer reviews, but my experience was not a good one. From the start I was on the phone every day for at least an hour with Amazon tech support for one issue or another. Most of the techs were very polite, but not all knew the product very well. At one point I asked one of them about trying to save some RAM and they kept referring me to the storage, which told me they didn't even know the difference between RAM and regular storage. The internet browser was basic and it ran very slow at times, even when all my other wifi devices ran great. Then a day would pass and I'd be trying to type an email and the keyboard would just stop working...wtf??? Come to find out it's a "known issue" and "they're working on it". After two weeks of one thing after another I got fed up and just returned it. I wanted it to work, and gave it a good run, but just not quality stuff. To me it was like Walmart trying to build their own computer when they're obviously not a computer manufacturer, neither is Amazon. If I were you I'd look at a regular Android tablet from a reputable PC manufacturer, which is exactly what I did next. I got an ASUS tablet for only a few dollars more, and it's unbelievable. 1000% better in comparison to the Amazon Fire HD8. Save yourself the aggravation and go with ASUS or some other company that is specifically in the computer business full time. Sorry Amazon, not this time!
bought this during black friday (actually Thursday). ok for price. but not cool i had to buy extra storage for not a great price.
I had fire hdx 8 and loved it, unfortunately got damaged and could not replace. I purchased the fire HD 8 and exchanged n pay difference for fire HD 10. The 8 did not have a lot of options I was used to. :(
Good starter unit. Easy for a beginner to use. Priced low to give you a taste of the tablet world.
I'm used to a n iPad so I wasnt impressed with the kindle. I found it hard to navigate
The specs are good, feels solid, can't stand the OS. Too many ads you can't get rid of, not as customizable as I'd like. If that doesn't bother you, it's a good tablet for the price. Don't expect to run games on it, not powerful enough for that.
Does everything I need thank you. Alight small package easy to take anywhere
Prior to using the device I decided to recharge it to 100% and was shocked to find out that it takes 6 hours. Unless you have a lot of time don't buy this device.
We bought this earlier on line from another vendor and it was never delivered. Best Buy was great.
I have only had this Amazon Fire Hd8 since December 6, 2016 and it has already quit charging.
We purchased this as a replacement for our now-broken iPad. Though we liked the smaller size (more convenient, easier to carry, etc), the internet was sooooooo slowwwwww that it drove us crazy. Sometimes minutes to download a site (and this with no other apps open!1). Plan to go back to another iPad.
Didn't want to go to the sites amazon wanted me to.
It all of a sudden has stoped charging I have only used it a few times in the short time off purchase. Can I get a replacement or how best can I be helped
Not a good product short battery life i can only use for 20 minutes
Works well but lacks forward control of screen and right and left movement on keyboard. Good foor short notes but could never do any substantial typing on this without external keyboard. Good for basic websurfing and email.
still playing with it, figuring out what I can & can't do. I love the tangerine color I got. One thing for sure, some apps I have on my phone like redbox & instagram they are not in the amazon app store so I can't put them on the tablet. Wish I could.
Works well. But does not offer access to the apple or android App Store. Without the apps that I need, this tablet is not as useful.
the first worked fine for three weeks then stopped. took back and got a replacement. this one lasted almost a month. again took it back and was told I had to deal with Amazon.Found out thru Amazon webpage that units simply froze up and how to reset it. Was upset that store associate knew nothing about the product. Had to research everything myself.
Had it for about a week and now it won't take charge, tried new chargers and still not taking charge. Happy with tablet but unhappy about not chatging
i Bought this around black friday for $60 hoping it would be awesome... it failed so hard i tried multiple different micro SD cards none of which were recognized and YES i formated them with every format i could think of ... Fat32, NTFS, Fat, Xfat... i even tried to have the tablet do it... didnt work... to make matters worse half the apps i wanted to use werent in the app store and i came to find out that it isnt linked to the normal google play store this tablet has its own app store which is missing many common apps... the main reason i bought this was to play clash of clans and i cant because it wasnt on the app store... i tried to also use aftermarket play stores to play COC but it didnt work... launched and played 1 time but didnt work or update after that... needless to say i returned it and bought a $250 samsung galaxy tab A 10.1 (2016 version) with S-pen and its WAYYYYY better... bottom line you get what you pay for... also hint the s-pen version has an extra 1 GB of ram over the non pen version... so you should get that if you can afford the extra $50...
Unable to download the Instagram app. which stinks
The first Fire HD8 we purchased died within 1 week of purchase. We had to go back and exchange it for a new one. Not a good sign so far.
I loved this tablet. I did! BUT I did not love that I was being sold ads every time I powered up! I loathe even more that I would have had to pay $15 to discontinue that feature. Amazon if you want $105 dollars for the Kindle Fire, charge it! but don't under price the device, and then flash ads at the the consumer at every opportunity. It is unbecoming of you! I returned this item pronto!
This Kindle is so overloaded with apps that I will never use. Despite what one of Best Buys' associates said, you cannot remove any of the Amazon apps. The apps take up too much of the memory. I have an I Pad and love but bought this as a backup for work. Unfortunately, it bogs down. I also don't like that Amazon wants access to too much info to set up email, so I won't use this for emails either. I will likely sell it on Craig's List for less than half of what I paid for it.
I think I downloaded 6 new apps. I wait to surf the web. This thing is so slow to respond. My old refurbished iPad is better. I really only bought it to stream Hulu and Netflix. I'm not excited about lighting up the home screen to find advertisements every day, but I guess you get what you pay for. I wanted inexpensive, I got it! Don't buy this if you are used to using quick responding electronics.
I bought the kindle fire 8 for my husband and I to use. Neither one of us have been able to figure out how to use it. Every time we open it advertisements pop up. And we just try buttons to remove it. We cannot get it to rotate for our puzzles. Just too complicated to use and to navigate around. I will be returning it. We have an iPad and it's much easier.
Not very user friendly and intuitive.Very limited capabilities and apps.Good for viewing movies.Very limited language capabilities other than English and a few other languages.Apps are downloaded, but can't be found.
Freeze frequently... No way to trouble shoot or repair it...
was cheap, can not run chrome stuff, returned to store.
Didn't have some of the features I was looking for. Returned it the next day. May be good for others
My Hulu plays perfectly..great volume. Kindle starts right up so I'm able to read fine. However, when I'm on Facebook and click on an article to read, it goes to the page, and within 30 seconds, the page closes. Sometimes Facebook app won't even load. I find it blanking in and out and not showing some icons at times. I haven't dropped it so I'm assuming this is an internal problem :( I have tried playing a couple games and it will say that I need "the Amazon app" where I go to purchase stuff, which I already have...then it closes out saying ERROR. I wish I could replace for a new one.
Worked great but after awhile I wouldn't unlock. After I'd enter my pin, the screen would go black. I took it to geek squad (luckily I bought the protection plan!) and told me they don't fix them they just replace them. So I got another one but that one did the exact same thing. Ended up returning that one too.
The tablet works fine. It is responsive with good resolution. It is too tied to Amazon. It requires too many hoops to get apps such as Zinio to work. Until Amazon loosens its grip, I recommend only at a very good price.
simplistic , silly and tedious . 
it's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny . 
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable . 
[garbus] discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation . 
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification . 
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i'd care to count . 
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
not so much farcical as sour . 
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script . 
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
a sentimental mess that never rings true . 
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 
interesting , but not compelling . 
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies . . . footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro's right-hand goombah . 
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us " the skulls " and last year's " rollerball . " enough said , except : film overboard ! 
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . 
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material . 
the execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl . 
on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation . 
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action . 
a farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it isn't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films . 
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 
the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . the rest of the film . . . is dudsville . 
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender  and i know this because i've seen 'jackass : the movie . '
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters . . . 
the movie's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . killing time , that's all that's going on here . 
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " go back to sleep . 
somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates . 
the action clichs just pile up . 
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies' underwear . 
another useless recycling of a brutal mid-'70s american sports movie . 
i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived . 
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 
most of the problems with the film don't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
 . . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee . 
curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary . 
though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set . 
there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again . 
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it's hardly watchable . 
analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film's successes , with a few new swings thrown in . 
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it's impossible to care who wins . 
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom . 
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs . sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 . 
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced . . . it's a pity that [nelson's] achievement doesn't match his ambition . 
everything is off . 
when seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , i wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , 'hey , kool-aid ! '
an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character . 
imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
forget the misleading title , what's with the unexplained baboon cameo ? 
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . 
pascale bailly's rom-com provides amlie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes . 
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost . 
 . . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end . 
the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
mattei's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 
only in its final surprising shots does rabbit-proof fence find the authority it's looking for . 
isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
 . . . plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director can't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . in fact , it doesn't even seem like she tried . 
maybe leblanc thought , " hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . " 
what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height . 
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
the biggest problem with roger avary's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director's cut glory , he's made a film that's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . 
so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along . 
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . 
earnest but heavy-handed . 
if sinise's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over . 
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one . 
there's a reason the studio didn't offer an advance screening . " the adventures of pluto nash " is a big time stinker . 
a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters . 
takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny . 
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just won't fly with most intelligent viewers . 
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity didn't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 
with this new rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment . 
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers . 
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute . 
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd . 
feels like a cold old man going through the motions . 
dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
there's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan's prefeminist plight , so we're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity . 
beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . 
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . 
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag . 
completely awful iranian drama . . . as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque . 
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess . 
there's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . 
directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space . 
adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted . 
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 
it's all pretty tame . the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . 
the movie is a mess from start to finish . 
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 
i'm not saying that ice age doesn't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life . 
in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar . 
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichs from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it's also too stupid to realize that they've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
terminally brain dead production . 
some episodes work , some don't . 
beautifully filmed and well acted . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics . 
j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she's a pretty woman , but she's no working girl . 
rymer doesn't trust laughs -- and doesn't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . 
not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
wow . i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . 
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 
it's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . 
watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but boyd's film offers little else of consequence . 
it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 
the problem is not that it's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . 
there's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . 
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
a processed comedy chop suey . 
as spent screen series go , star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there's nothing to drink . 
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix . 
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in . 
an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . 
the cameo-packed , m : i-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise . . . then mike myers shows up and ruins everything . 
it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van . 
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . 
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . it never is , not fully . 
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time . 
one lousy movie . 
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
plodding , peevish and gimmicky . 
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 
oozes condescension from every pore . 
solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . 
 . . . hypnotically dull . 
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch . 
it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
[h]ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by . 
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 
it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wedding
by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull . 
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest . 
 at its best , it's black hawk down with more heart . at its worst , it's rambo- meets-john ford . 
exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos . 
calculated swill . 
this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . 
director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two . 
you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld's real life is boring . 
it's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time . 
walsh can't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm . 
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired . 
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject . 
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent . 
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history . 
there's nothing to gain from watching they . it isn't scary . it hates its characters . it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers . 
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique . 
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . 
thoroughly awful . 
 . . . ice age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that won't win many fans over the age of 12 . 
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience . 
the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
truly terrible . 
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 
it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff . 
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . 
it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too . 
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr . , but there isn't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative . 
fluffy and disposible . 
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show . 
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . an exit sign , that is . 
holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp . 
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 
a feature-length , r-rated , road-trip version of mama's family . 
what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between . 
stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 
there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . the result might look like vulgar . 
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands . 
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky . 
it's an 88-minute highlight reel that's 86 minutes too long . 
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) . 
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 
with the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a clue on the park . the acting isn't much better . 
the whole affair is as predictable as can be . 
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes . 
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell . 
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre's most enabling victim . . . and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers . 
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy . 
[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol . 
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . 
ver wiel's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . 
despite a performance of sustained intelligence from stanford and another of subtle humour from bebe neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich new york intelligentsia - and its off
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . 
gaghan . . . has thrown every suspenseful clich in the book at this nonsensical story . 
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 
[p]artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . the catch is that they're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . 
'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance . 
parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core . 
the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving . 
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
a lack of thesis makes maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special . 
the worst film of the year . 
by-the-numbers yarn . 
without shakespeare's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish . 
if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
during the tuxedo's 90 minutes of screen time , there isn't one true 'chan moment' . 
bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie . 
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . it's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied . 
the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland . 
the film can depress you about life itself . 
i'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap clich . 
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel . 
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer . 
here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . 
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom . . . you'd be wise to send your regrets . 
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental . 
unfortunately , it's also not very good . especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie . 
it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty . 
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum . 
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence . 
a big fat pain . 
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic . 
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 
aan opportunity wasted . 
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . 
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they isn't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 
mild , meandering teen flick . 
though its atmosphere is intriguing . . . the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression . 
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before . 
although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league . 
astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
to better understand why this didn't connect with me would require another viewing , and i won't be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough . 
cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
diane lane's sophisticated performance can't rescue adrian lyne's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . 
not at all clear what it's trying to say and even if it were  i doubt it would be all that interesting . 
storytelling feels slight . 
[swimfan] falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 
this remake of lina wertmuller's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero . 
silly , loud and goofy . 
why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing . 
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . 
the pool drowned me in boredom . 
it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism . 
it's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . 
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity . 
there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr . murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! " but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid . 
bad company . bad movie . just plain bad . 
it's not only dull because we've seen [eddie] murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed . 
avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
a poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda . 
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley's film lacks balance . . . and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . 
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
it's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun . 
 . . . jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just isn't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead's specific gifts . 
this follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter . 
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? there's no good answer to that one . 
this slow-moving swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party . 
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that doesn't make much sense even on its own terms . 
there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 
this is amusing for about three minutes . 
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed . 
it's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from " promising " to " interesting " to " familiar " before landing squarely on " stupid " . 
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video --with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . 
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why . 
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending . 
it won't harm anyone , but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . after all , it'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors' workshop that it is . 
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who haven't read the book . 
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts doesn't mean it's good enough for our girls . 
[carvey's] characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark . 
it's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through . 
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . 
brown's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie . 
the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
the script by vincent r . nebrida . . . tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 
the story is so light and sugary that were it a macy's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away . 
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 
only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate . 
cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . frank mcklusky c . i . is that movie ! 
it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
[a] soulless , stupid sequel . . . 
 . . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers . 
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage's war-weary marine . 
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . 
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script . . . that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire . 
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail's pace . 
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy ! 
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
an infuriating film . just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense . 
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions . 
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . 
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . 
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 
this film biggest problem ? no laughs . 
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan . 
that the chuck norris " grenade gag " occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is . 
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm's performance , the film would be a total washout . 
it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental . 
i can't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents . . . 
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david's point of view . 
throw smoochy from the train ! 
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you don't care who fires the winning shot . 
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free . 
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation . 
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 
to paraphrase a line from another dickens' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers don't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types . 
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood . 
an extremely unpleasant film . 
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again . 
a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale . 
wait for it to hit cable . 
ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies . 
a high-minded snoozer . 
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives . 
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point . 
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into . 
[at least] moore is a real charmer . 
john carlen's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling . 
labute can't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : he's changed the male academic from a lower-class brit to an american , a choice that upsets the novel's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film . 
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus . 
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes . 
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . 
a film that loses sight of its own story . 
adam sandler's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash . 
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 
few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director neil burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering barry's terrific performance . 
gets better after foster leaves that little room . 
the movie is as padded as allen's jelly belly . 
resident evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . 
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps . 
 . . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche . 
bluto blutarsky , we miss you . 
innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good . 
it's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . 
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . but i had a lot of problems with this movie . 
execrable . 
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . 
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence . 
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
it's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . but the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 
paxton's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre . 
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . 
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work . 
let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
it's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful . 
alternately frustrating and rewarding . 
it's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . or intelligent . 
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died . 
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit . 
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . 
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon won't be disappointed . 
i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible ! 
children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers . 
it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow . 
peralta's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight . 
amazingly dopey . 
a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late . 
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds . 
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley's flopping dolphin-gasm . 
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 
mr . soderbergh's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 
do you say " hi " to your lover when you wake up in the morning ? 
it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks . 
banal and predictable . 
'yes , that's right : it's forrest gump , angel of death . '
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . 
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful . 
a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
 . . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
crikey indeed . 
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . 
there's a lot of good material here , but there's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it . 
absurdities and clichs accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel . 
if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . 
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . 
the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut . 
yet another iteration of what's become one of the movies' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally " superior " friends , family . . . 
bond-inspired ? certainly . likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? let's hope not . 
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . 
davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly . 
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 
none of this is very original , and it isn't particularly funny . 
 . . . a bland murder-on-campus yawner . 
a humorless journey into a philosophical void . 
these two are generating about as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poised to receive a un inspector . 
responsvel direto pelo fracasso 'artstico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox no consegue sequer aproveitar os pouqussimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade . 
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 
a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor . 
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches isn't exactly endearing . 
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives . 
in the book-on-tape market , the film of " the kid stays in the picture " would be an abridged edition
ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
it's just a little too self-satisfied . 
clever but not especially compelling . 
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service . 
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable . 
labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public . 
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
brisk hack job . 
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher . 
alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 
the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . 
what little grace [rifkin's] tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . 
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel . 
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a . e . w . mason's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks " the four feathers " bare . 
 . . . what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie's reality and stifling its creator's comic voice . 
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences . 
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 
low rent from frame one . 
eight legged freaks ? no big hairy deal . 
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care . 
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare . 
'this movie sucks . '
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him . 
 . . . bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . 
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater . 
bad in such a bizarre way that it's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste . 
there's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie . 
hugh grant's act is so consuming that sometimes it's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are . 
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 
i've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . 
what we get . . . is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons . 
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake . 
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it . 
there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 
 . . . hokey art house pretension . 
 . . . a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . 
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it's not clear whether we're supposed to shriek or laugh . 
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . 
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative . 
soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable . 
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film . 
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who can't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another . 
there is so much plodding sensitivity . 
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial . 
 . . . too sappy for its own good . 
circuit queens won't learn a thing , they'll be too busy cursing the film's strategically placed white sheets . 
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks . 
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . half past dead is just such an achievement . 
expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished . 
it all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 
[javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama . 
feels shrill , simple and soapy . 
adults , other than the parents . . . will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild . 
brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors . . . by shoving them into every clichd white-trash situation imaginable . 
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie's lack of ideas . 
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere . 
typical anim , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names . 
below is well below expectations . 
at no point during k-19 : the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot . 
 . . . standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added . 
empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either . 
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube . 
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure . it falls far short of poetry , but it's not bad prose . 
jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
there may have been a good film in " trouble every day , " but it is not what is on the screen . 
unfortunately , carvey's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg . 
viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture . 
there's something unintentionally comic in the film's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties . 
the master of disguise is funny--not " ha ha " funny , " dead circus performer " funny . and for all the wrong reasons besides . 
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks . 
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . 
you leave feeling like you've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing . 
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 
it's the type of stunt the academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film . 
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life . 
so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 
the images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where whitaker's misfit artist is concerned . 
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably wouldn't be too crazy with his great-grandson's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . 
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 . 
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper . 
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . 
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 
boy oh boy , it's a howler . 
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks . the thing just never gets off the ground . 
 . . . contains very few laughs and even less surprises . 
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . 
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave . 
however stale the material , lawrence's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny . 
there's nothing remotely topical or sexy here . 
the tuxedo wasn't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' . 
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it isn't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . 
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house . 
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it cannot even be dubbed hedonistic . 
reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish . 
an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter . 
woody allen has really found his groove these days . the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . 
the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack . 
 if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about " chicago " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level . 
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more . 
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre . 
human nature , in short , isn't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart . 
a film with a great premise but only a great premise . 
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence . 
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . ) 
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her . 
what started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence . 
[sam's] self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . 
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie . 
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 
the master of disguise represents adam sandler's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 
too silly to take seriously . 
obvious
the inevitable double- and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovich's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line . 
everything's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull . 
i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno . 
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 
it's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long . 
a fifty car pileup of cliches . 
it's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story . 
as an actor's showcase , hart's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine . 
it's not hateful . it's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 
possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another . 
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention . 
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia . 
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who aren't looking for them . 
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king . 
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional . 
while kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot . 
its one-sidedness . . . flirts with propaganda . 
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 
we've liked klein's other work but rollerball left us cold . 
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they'd earn . they were right . 
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction . 
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life . 
nohe has made a decent 'intro' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant . 
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep . 
too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience . 
stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of ghost and close encounters of the third kind . 
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . 
it's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 
it doesn't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes . it still feels like a prison stretch . 
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless . 
ong chooses to present ah na's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character's blank-faced optimism . 
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of " 7th heaven . " 
just a kiss is a just a waste . 
 . . . this isn't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . 
frankly , it's kind of insulting , both to men and women . and it's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 
as if drop dead gorgeous wasn't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition . 
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man's quest to find an old flame . 
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie . 
it's better than mid-range steven seagal , but not as sharp as jet li on rollerblades . 
no dia em que aceitou dirigir esta continuao , harold ramis deve ter sado da cama com o p esquerdo . e aqueles que decidiram assistir a este filme tambm . 
there's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long . 
the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works . 
as happily glib and vicious as its characters . 
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 
 . . . a pretentious mess . . . 
no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set . 
[macdowell] ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is . 
i can imagine this movie as a b&w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al . , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless . 
talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . 
kurys never shows why , of all the period's volatile romantic lives , sand and musset are worth particular attention . 
almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . and in a sense , that's a liability . 
it's easy to love robin tunney -- she's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . 
if you've got a house full of tots -- don't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 
the new film of anton chekhov's the cherry orchard puts the 'ick' in 'classic . '
has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy can't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original . if i want music , i'll buy the soundtrack . if i want a real movie , i'll buy the criterion dvd . 
an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together . 
writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call 'too clever by half . '
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof . 
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating . 
the name says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . 
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it . 
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle . 
 . . . the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning . 
with zoe clarke-williams's lackluster thriller " new best friend " , who needs enemies ? just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills . 
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity . 
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening . 
aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there's little to be learned from watching 'comedian'
a perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie . 
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
like a soft drink that's been sitting open too long : it's too much syrup and not enough fizz . 
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short . 
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer . 
the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . . 
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality . 
glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 
the re- enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well . 
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema's directorial giants . 
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ? 
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time . 
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . 
a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog . 
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joff and demi moore's the scarlet letter . 
the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor . 
as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling . 
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada . 
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . 
lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian . 
despite the fact that this film wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it's still not a good movie
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars . 
i never thought i'd say this , but i'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies ! 
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy . 
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted . 
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script . 
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad . 
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic . 
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . 
as plain and pedestrian as catsup--
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it . 
i know we're not supposed to take it seriously , but i can't shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary . 
your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn . 
a picture as erratic as its central character . 
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the " soon-to-be-forgettable " section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . it's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic . 
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . some of the characters die and others don't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares . 
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime . 
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . 
all the movie's narrative gymnastics can't disguise the fact that it's inauthentic at its core and that its story just isn't worth telling . 
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here . 
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive . . . 
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . 
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . 
[a] rather thinly-conceived movie . 
a bit too eager to please . 
you'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous [than leon] . 
kapur's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . 
 " the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store " 
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . 
so-so entertainment . 
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud . 
'the chteau is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
meyjes focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the- making . 
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 
crudup's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . 
there is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film oscar : make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture . 
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j . k . rowling's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic . 
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . 
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone . 
the phone rings and a voice tells you you've got seven days left to live . then you get another phone call warning you that if the video isn't back at blockbuster before midnight , you're going to face frightening late fees . o . k . , not really . 
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio . 
the film's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling . 
 . . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . 
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 
punitively affirmational parable . 
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
from beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film . 
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine . 
it's just not very smart . 
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . 
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma . 
in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh . 
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they can't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . 
after a while , hoffman's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . 
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it's the worst movie i've seen this summer . 
it's drab . it's uninteresting . it squanders chan's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt ! 
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots . 
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same . 
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . 
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore . 
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters . it's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . 
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . 
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings . 
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject . 
decent but dull . 
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative . 
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years . 
only for young children , if them . their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . 
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 
no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make . 
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
the action is reasonably well-done . . . yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together . 
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in " unfaithful . " why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me . 
thin period piece . 
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you'd swear he just stepped out of a buuel retrospective . 
the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments . 
it's not a bad premise , just a bad movie . 
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . if only there were one for this kind of movie . 
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived . 
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in [this] meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . 
a peculiar misfire that even tunney can't save . 
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 
i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel . 
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes . 
when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion . 
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense . 
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . 
the film's lack of personality permeates all its aspects  from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . 
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime . . . and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . 
trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all . 
[a] stuporously solemn film . 
viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 
 . . . its stupidities wind up sticking in one's mind a lot more than the cool bits . 
sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control . 
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 
the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to fully exploit the script's potential for sick humor . 
the film wasn't preachy , but it was feminism by the book . 
 . . . the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation . there's already been too many of these films . . . 
several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that doesn't know what it wants to be when it grows up . 
although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , tuck everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action . 
'the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel . 
supposedly , pokemon can't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over . 
white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 
when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ? 
cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , the full monty , with something different . 
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe . 
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . hmmmmight i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? 
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad . 
mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know . 
couldn't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ? 
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations . 
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x . 
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 
this is a film living far too much in its own head . 
the umpteenth summer skinny dip in jerry bruckheimer's putrid pond of retread action twaddle . 
national lampoon's van wilder may aim to be the next animal house , but it more closely resembles this year's version of tomcats . 
the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles . 
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring . 
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
more of a career curio than a major work . 
it's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . 
cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy . 
to be influenced chiefly by humanity's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 
taken as a whole , the tuxedo doesn't add up to a whole lot . 
as we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- jason is a killer who doesn't know the meaning of the word 'quit . ' the filmmakers might want to look it up . 
a frustrating 'tweener' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls . 
what's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . 
drowning's too good for this sucker . 
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 
frankly , it's pretty stupid . i had more fun with ben stiller's zoolander , which i thought was rather clever . but there's plenty to offend everyone . . . 
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . 
there are things to like about murder by numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements don't gel . 
 . . . tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry . 
quite frankly , i can't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag . . . 
the innocence of holiday cheer ain't what it used to be . 
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists . 
should have gone straight to video . it looks like an action movie , but it's so poorly made , on all levels , that it doesn't even qualify as a spoof of such . 
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag . 
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire . 
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . 
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations . 
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film . 
snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . 
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 
es triste tener que decirles que lo nico grato de la cinta es el cuerpo desnudo de la heather . . . 
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would . 
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get . 
charlize chases kevin with a gun . courtney chases stuart with a cell phone . the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing . 
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $99 bargain-basement special . 
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance . 
 . . . a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i can't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here . 
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal's overweight and out of shape . 
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit . 
impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act . 
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place . 
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other . 
britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . 
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review life-affirming . 
if the movie were all comedy , it might work better . but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . 
the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it . 
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . big time . 
this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel , seth green and barry pepper . it should have stayed there . 
the film has a childlike quality about it . but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine . 
it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable . 
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 
the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious . 
the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers . 
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness . 
there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 
too clever by about nine-tenths . 
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting . 
well-meant but unoriginal . 
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . 
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here . 
mendes still doesn't quite know how to fill a frame . like the hanks character , he's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . 
this thing is just garbage . 
as crimes go , writer-director michael kalesniko's how to kill your neighbor's dog is slight but unendurable . 
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i wouldn't be interested in knowing any of them personally . 
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . 
an uplifting , largely bogus story . 
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
if you are curious to see the darker side of what's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ? ! ? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there's nothing very attractive about this movie . 
my own minority report is that it stinks . 
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . 
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks . 
 . . . if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you're in for a painful ride . 
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
[davis] wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters . 
without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking . 
 . . . unlike [scorsese's mean streets] , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 
being unique doesn't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke . 
a few hours after you've seen it , you forget you've been to the movies . 
odd and weird . 
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway . 
yes , i suppose it's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i didn't . 
shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating patch adams , trots out every ghost trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies . 
the photographer's show-don't-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject . 
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them . 
i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 
meanders between its powerful moments . 
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip . 
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . 
pure of intention and passably diverting , his secret life is light , innocuous and unremarkable . 
 . . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story . 
take away the controversy , and it's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera . 
it's got the brawn , but not the brains . 
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline . 
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . 
to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree . 
[t]oo many of these gross out scenes . . . 
about one in three gags in white's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook . 
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . 
reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that . 
if jews were catholics , this would be catechism
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch . 
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie . it's too bad that the rest isn't more compelling . 
charming , if overly complicated . . . 
schneider's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story's continuity and progression . 
all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion . 
it's probably not easy to make such a worthless film . . . 
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't . 
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown . 
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker . 
smothered by its own solemnity . 
'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people . 
after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 
not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow . 
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors . 
breen's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting . 
there's no question that epps scores once or twice , but it's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head . 
if only merchant paid more attention the story . 
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . 
 . . . too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be . 
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something . 
the characters are based on stock clichs , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility . 
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable . 
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you'll have a good time with this one too . 
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches . 
mr . goyer's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way . 
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled . 
benigni presents himself as the boy puppet pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and american breckin meyer's ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice . 
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there's something creepy about this movie . 
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism . 
producer john penotti surveyed high school students . . . and came back with the astonishing revelation that " they wanted to see something that didn't talk down to them . " ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound . 
if you're a crocodile hunter fan , you'll enjoy at least the " real " portions of the film . if you're looking for a story , don't bother . 
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure . 
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise . 
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it doesn't . 
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet . 
has its charming quirks and its dull spots . 
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he'd gone the way of don simpson . 
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that's a bad sign when they're supposed to be having a collective heart attack . 
everyone's to blame here . 
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory . . . but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools . 
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . 
it's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction . 
a slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise . 
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
you see robin williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm . you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz . 
downright transparent is the script's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a " cooler " pg-13 rating . 
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . 
formulaic to the 51st power , more like . 
draggin' about dragons
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they're often undone by howard's self-conscious attempts to find a 'literary' filmmaking style to match his subject . 
a respectable but uninspired thriller that's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact . 
jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability . 
the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time . 
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 
cinematic poo . 
offers absolutely nothing i hadn't already seen . 
 " analyze that " is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 
you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . 
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold . 
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
 . . . an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you'll wonder if lopez's publicist should share screenwriting credit . 
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
could as easily have been called 'under siege 3 : in alcatraz' . . . a cinematic corpse that never springs to life . 
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little . 
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned . 
slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot . 
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . 
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted . 
the film is flat . 
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
it's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled 'the loud and the ludicrous' . . . the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated . 
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity . 
the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ? 
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . 
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 
when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails . 
it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary . 
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat . 
anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups . 
simply doesn't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time . 
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas . 
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . 
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen . 
it made me feel unclean , and i'm the guy who liked there's something about mary and both american pie movies . oh , and booty call . 
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
it's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence . 
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it . 
director roger michell does so many of the little things right that it's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff . 
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism 'urban drama . '
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions . 
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . 
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
meyjes's movie , like max rothman's future , does not work . 
what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 
schneidermeister . . . makin' a fool of himself . . . losin' his fan base . . . 
an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance . 
not once does it come close to being exciting . 
a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , bartleby performs neither one very well . 
it plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness . 
there's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american . and that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by brendan fraser . 
one of those strained caper movies that's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . 
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance . 
the ending doesn't work . . . but most of the movie works so well i'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong . 
it's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before . 
i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 
so brisk is wang's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe . 
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . 
some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent . 
it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style . 
unless you're a fanatic , the best advice is : 'scooby' don't . 
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . 
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer . if you're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you'll need a stronger stomach than us . 
shreve's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera . 
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin . 
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic . 
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages . 
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply . 
personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces . 
we hate [madonna] within the film's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground . 
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation . 
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all . 
a fascinating but choppy documentary . 
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company . 
the doofus-on- the-loose banter of welcome to collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it . and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content isn't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . 
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap . 
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 
despite auteuil's performance , it's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 
director boris von sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through . 
 . . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen . 
never comes together as a coherent whole . 
an unintentionally surreal kid's picture . . . in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode . 
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ? 
don't even bother to rent this on video . 
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see . 
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . 
not counting a few gross-out comedies i've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . 
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story . 
the film doesn't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences . 
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being . 
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more . 
bartlett's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made . 
gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up . 
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . 
less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
a film that suffers because of its many excesses . 
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it's being . 
nijinsky says , 'i know how to suffer' and if you see this film you'll know too . 
'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 
 . . . stale and uninspired . 
a dreary movie . 
 . . . the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 
instead of contriving a climactic hero's death for the beloved-major- character-who-shall- remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 
it just didn't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) . 
this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . that's because relatively nothing happens . 
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are 'german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable . 
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 
boyd's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon . 
there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 
a moving picture that does not move . 
ruh-roh ! romething's really wrong with this ricture ! 
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . 
i'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring . 
'god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
 . . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 
is it a comedy ? a drama ? a romance ? a cartoon ? 
ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing . 
did the film inform and educate me ? yes . did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ? no . and that is where ararat went astray . 
it's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . 
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness . 
eight legged freaks won't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love . . . 
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions . 
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . 
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . 
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . 
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 
the only question . . . is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid . 
this movie is so bad , that it's almost worth seeing because it's so bad . 
a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing . 
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment . 
overall , it's a pretty mediocre family film . 
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly wasn't feeling any of it . 
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
the very definition of what critics have come to term an " ambitious failure . " 
it's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . 
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter 'uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie . 
worthy of the gong . 
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari's film falls short in building the drama of lilia's journey . 
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays . 
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot . 
the movie doesn't add anything fresh to the myth . 
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west . 
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions . . . feel silly rather than plausible . 
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . 
it's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary . 
once one experiences mr . haneke's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one's mouth , and little else . 
oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 
it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . 
a chiller resolutely without chills . 
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment hasn't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . 
 " bad " is the operative word for " bad company , " and i don't mean that in a good way . 
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but ram dass : fierce grace doesn't organize it with any particular insight . 
pompous and garbled . 
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 
it's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert . 
merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women's expense . 
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 
traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichs that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill . 
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed . 
 . . . grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces . 
i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory . 
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest . 
as social expos , skins has its heart in the right place , but that's not much to hang a soap opera on . 
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it  as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product . 
there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 
this one is certainly well-meaning , but it's also simple-minded and contrived . 
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . 
bad and baffling from the get-go . 
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie . 
at a time when we've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . 
the impulses that produced this project . . . are commendable , but the results are uneven . 
a well-acted movie that simply doesn't gel . 
like a can of 2-day old coke . you can taste it , but there's no fizz . 
there's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish . 
both the crime story and the love story are unusual . but they don't fit well together and neither is well told . 
it's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant . 
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst . 
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar . 
outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ? 
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming . 
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 
since lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random e ! true hollywood story . 
wes craven's presence is felt ; not the craven of 'a nightmare on elm street' or 'the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of 'deadly friend . '
sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology . but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . 
it's one long bore . 
it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
it's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking . 
 . . . a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . 
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source . 
the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull . 
uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . . 
'men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib , but recycles the same premise . 
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better . 
feels familiar and tired . 
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese . 
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources  good sources , bad mixture
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama . 
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points . 
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material . 
it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 
an uneven look into a grim future that doesn't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k . dick stories . 
horrible
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do . 
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i haven't encountered since at least pete's dragon . 
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . 
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases . 
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
the only thing to fear about " fear dot com " is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . 
it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 
'synthetic' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree . 
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt . 
impostor can't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies . 
judd's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice . 
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . 
 . . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
doesn't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez . 
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale . 
it's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant . 
it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the filmit was the unfulfilling , incongruous , " wait a second , did i miss something ? " ending . 
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still . 
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action . 
it's super- violent , super-serious and super-stupid . 
so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script . 
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
it's splash without the jokes . 
the chteau would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens . 
shallow , noisy and pretentious . 
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he's taken one of the world's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating . 
granddad of le nouvelle vague , jean-luc godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek . 
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
it's better than the phantom menace . but unless you're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it isn't much fun . 
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess . 
a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original . 
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 
hollywood ending just isn't very funny . 
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore . 
i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings . 
two hours of junk . 
ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and joan's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he's a disloyal satyr . 
self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable . 
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem . 
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey . . . [it] comes off like a hallmark commercial . 
what's missing is what we call the 'wow' factor . 
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it's not as obnoxious as tom green's freddie got fingered . 
 . . . tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i don't know what she's doing in here . . . 
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient . 
normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . 
i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him . 
it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . 
malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . but the movie's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary . 
a blair witch- style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast . 
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling . 
an ill-conceived jumble that's not scary , not smart and not engaging . 
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism . 
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . 
utter mush . . . conceited pap . 
 " what john does is heroic , but we don't condone it , " one of the film's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture's moral schizophrenia . 
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six . 
this is no " waterboy ! " 
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered . 
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . 
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like . . . but overall the halloween series has lost its edge . 
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed . 
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . 
too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could've been an impacting film . 
generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style . 
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . 
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations . 
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window . 
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi . 
in the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is . 
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence . 
while glover , the irrepressible eccentric of river's edge , dead man and back to the future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents bartleby's main overall flaw . 
something has been lost in the translation . . . another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise . 
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was . 
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident . 
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 
simply a re-hash of the other seven films . 
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . he fails . 
i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done . 
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities . 
goes on and on to the point of nausea . 
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy . 
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time . 
the comedy is nonexistent . 
 . . . a bland , pretentious mess . 
it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame . 
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort . 
it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 
if religious films aren't your bailiwick , stay away . otherwise , this could be a passable date film . 
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . 
the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything . 
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 
don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action . 
chai's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack . 
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed . 
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone . 
one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters . 
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story's emotional thrust . 
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it . 
this dubious product of a college-spawned ( colgate u . ) comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips . 
the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 
super troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothers/abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , the farrelly brothers . 
 . . . will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks . after seeing the film , i can tell you that there's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 
made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because [solondz's] cool compassion is on the border of bemused contempt . 
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . but , for that , why not watch a documentary ? 
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . 
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film . . . it's not even a tv special you'd bother watching past the second commercial break . 
although . . . visually striking and slickly staged , it's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 
you can see where big bad love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there . 
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . 
it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
the only thing " swept away " is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time . 
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen . 
egoyan's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose . 
life or something like it has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities . 
this is a truly , truly bad movie . 
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
believability wasn't one of the film's virtues . 
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they'd need a shower . 
the santa clause 2's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry . 
his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive . 
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller . 
 . . . stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier . 
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage . 
kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . 
well-meaning but inert . 
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ? -- but certainly hard to hate . 
a movie that can't get sufficient distance from leroy's delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 
it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy . 
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
can't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde . 
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled . 
 . . . overly melodramatic . . . 
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 
the result is an 'action film' mired in stasis . 
this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people . 
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary . 
[stevens is] so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . 
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it . 
one of the more glaring signs of this movie's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms . spears . 
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . he has a great cast and a great idea . but the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work . 
 . . . generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish . 
it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 
when not wallowing in its characters' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 
an overstylized , pured mlange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery . 
'lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither . . . excessively strained and contrived . 
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . 
this one is a few bits funnier than malle's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks . 
'it's painful to watch witherspoon's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
a plodding teen remake that's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists . 
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein's brain . 
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 
amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the " other side of the story . " 
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
it's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit . 
 . . . one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else . 
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley's least accessible screed yet . 
kenneth branagh's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly british playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in los angeles . 
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , cannot overcome blah characters . 
ms . phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . 
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 
extremely bad . 
a clichd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men . 
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . 
a little weak -- and it isn't that funny . 
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire . 
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy . 
despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book . 
in both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you . you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that . 
cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility . 
worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades . 
the original wasn't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece ! 
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison . 
gere gives a good performance in a film that doesn't merit it . 
your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make . 
includes too much obvious padding . 
there's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme . 
i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , or the part where something's happening , but it's stupid . 
don't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle . 
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . . 
spain's greatest star wattage doesn't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . 
 . . . a movie that , quite simply , shouldn't have been made . 
conforms itself with creating a game of 'who's who' . . . where the characters' moves are often more predictable than their consequences . 
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito's way . 
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
suffers from all the excesses of the genre . 
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . 
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year . 
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message . 
while the film is competent , it's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 
it's harmless , diverting fluff . but it's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 
it's just plain lurid when it isn't downright silly . 
comedy troupe broken lizard's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot . 
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick . 
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 
it's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt . 
'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring . 
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end . 
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances . 
who are 'they' ? well , they're 'they' . they're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . they exist for hushed lines like " they're back ! " , " they're out there ! " and " they're coming ! " 
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level . 
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 
i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . 
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . 
murder by numbers just doesn't add up . 
clare peploe's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence . 
video games are more involving than this mess . 
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer . 
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies . 
 . . . a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional . 
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller . 
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . 
the adventure doesn't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 
essentially a collection of bits -- and they're all naughty . 
a mess . the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen . 
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon . . . is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . 
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh's best films , " erin brockovich , " " out of sight " and " ocean's eleven , " never were . 
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago . 
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of . . . outrageous gags . 
you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down . 
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects . 
 . . . del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . 
the real question this movie poses is not 'who ? ' but 'why ? '
now here's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud . 
a movie that's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts . 
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'empowerment . '
occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story . 
if we're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they're clueless and inept ? 
moretti plays giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . too predictably , in fact . 
alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors . 
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me . 
it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up . 
ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ? 
an incoherent jumble of a film that's rarely as entertaining as it could have been . 
 . . . they missed the boat . 
more dutiful than enchanting . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . 
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 
the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . 
barney's ideas about creation and identity don't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour's worth of actual material . 
affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority . 
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time . 
the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys . 
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows . 
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point . 
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . 
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen . 
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 
mediocre fable from burkina faso . 
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
since the movie is based on a nicholas sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things . 
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe . 
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience . 
it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) into scrooge . 
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds . 
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow ! is the kind of movie that's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low . 
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . 
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ? 
a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires . 
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney's cutoffs . 
cassavetes thinks he's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon . 
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichs and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr . chips off the old block . 
although sensitive to a fault , it's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 
it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale , maelstrm is just another winter sleepers . 
nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy . 
'a' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy . 
if there's one thing this world needs less of , it's movies about college that are written and directed by people who couldn't pass an entrance exam . 
the script kicks in , and mr . hartley's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow . 
[e]ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism . 
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy . 
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie . 
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen . 
in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song . 
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie . 
it's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it's about as exciting as a sunburn . 
his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level . 
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire . 
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
they should have called it gutterball . 
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way . 
it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie . . . is that he obviously doesn't have his heart in it . 
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins . 
slick piece of cross-promotion . 
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes . 
it believes it's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile . 
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 
it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time . 
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi's generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows ) . 
[t]here's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , anne rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them . 
it's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that's often written off as indie film naturalism . 
the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo . 
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer . 
apart from dazzling cinematography , we've seen just about everything in blue crush in one form or the other . 
too much of the humor falls flat . 
detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor . 
van wilder doesn't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers . 
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality can't hide the giant achilles' heel in " stuart little 2 " : there's just no story , folks . 
the plot combines the blues brothers and almost famous ( but with bears , and a g rating ) , with an excruciating dollop of disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure . 
no way i can believe this load of junk . 
 " roger michell ( " notting hill " ) directs a morality thriller . " 
it's dumb , but more importantly , it's just not scary . 
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame . 
the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ? 
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea . 
there's just no currency in deriding james bond for being a clichd , doddering , misogynistic boy's club . 
when the film ended , i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while . 
full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny
the film's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style . 
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
 it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes . 
this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought . 
should have been someone else-
the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner . 
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ? wouldn't one about their famous dad , author of death in venice , etc . , be more valuable ? 
the lower your expectations , the more you'll enjoy it . 
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign . 
 is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri . i had to look away - this was god awful . 
even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules . 
velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene . 
just one bad idea after another . 
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , 'swimfan' left me with a very bad feeling . 
though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama . 
a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle . 
i can't recommend it . but it's surprisingly harmless . 
corpus collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in . 
the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes
it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
a by-the-numbers effort that won't do much to enhance the franchise . 
involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters . 
overall the film feels like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube . 
it's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake . 
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen . 
despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults . 
shrewd but pointless . 
an unclassifiably awful study in self- and audience-abuse . 
sluggish , tonally uneven . 
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work . 
hey arnold ! the movie could have been made 40 years ago , and parents' appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing . 
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics . 
excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters . 
once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back . 
a working class " us vs . them " opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered . 
if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of 'there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world . 
there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them . 
it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie . 
we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so ! 
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery . 
the cold turkey would've been a far better title . 
the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough . the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque . 
the ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures . 
zaidan's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight . 
try as i may , i can't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , 'thank you ! ' when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie . 
while it's nice to watch a movie that hasn't been focus-grouped into tedium , yu's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold . 
it treats women like idiots . 
though catch me if you can isn't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie . 
just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba . 
impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim . 
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie . 
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not . 
the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power . 
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death . 
almost gags on its own gore . 
how do you spell clich ? 
it's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show . 
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film . 
in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a rsum loaded with credits like " girl in bar #3 . " 
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped . 
under 15 ? a giggle a minute . over age 15 ? big fat waste of time . 
hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty . 
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest . 
this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience . 
you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this . 
in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest . 
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum . 
well-nigh unendurable . . . though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull . 
i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers . 
while much of the cast has charm -- especially allodi and nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy . 
this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash . 
yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies . 
the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows . 
the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes . 
while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences . 
not only unfunny , but downright repellent . 
care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters . 
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending . 
does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in- the-blanks with a tragic past . 
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension . 
has a long and clunky ending . . . which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience's awkward silence
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking . 
whaley's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting . 
uncommonly stylish but equally silly . . . the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions . 
the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad . 
the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain . 
confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it . 
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss . 
it's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center . 
holden caulfield did it better . 
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness . 
oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away . 
if it's seldom boring , well , it's also rarely coherent . 
simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy . 
not exactly the bees knees
it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they're being streamed over a 28k modem . 
the kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated . 
makes for some truly odd , at times confusing , kids entertainment . . . but at least this time there's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff . 
the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment . 
jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically . 
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
it's as if you're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker . 
this is nothing but familiar territory . 
in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space . 
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year . 
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that's pretty toxic in its own right . 
too slow , too long and too little happens . 
the film's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency . it's just filler . 
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance . 
utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film . 
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line . 
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence . it's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job . 
they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending . 
barely gets off the ground . 
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure . 
pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , tony r . abrams , in their feature debut . 
at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s . at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects . 
from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie . 
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as 'worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that . 
on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best work since the xfl . 
despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end . 
a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments ( including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether ) . 
by getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , i found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie . 
too often , the viewer isn't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance . 
what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor . 
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite . 
do not see this film . 
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas . 
if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday . 
to call the other side of heaven " appalling " would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be . 
in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey . 
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con . 
i'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here . 
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace . 
it's like every bad idea that's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) . 
while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these . 
for close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one . 
to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation . 
what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about . 
in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role . 
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment . 
 . . . nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects . 
it's not that kung pow isn't funny some of the time -- it just isn't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk's impish augmentation . 
a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction . 
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions . 
a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left . 
once [kim] begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard . 
the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate . 
what's next : " my mother the car ? " 
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact that , really , we've been here , done that . 
a sequel that's much too big for its britches . 
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines . 
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian . 
a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments . 
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love's dissolution . 
a coarse and stupid gross-out . 
a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes . 
doesn't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces . . . that raise the bar on stylized screen violence . 
there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route . 
it's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions . 
the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious . 
but the power of these [subjects] is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film's narrative . 
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment . 
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar . 
paid in full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palma's scarface . that's a cheat . 
harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all . 
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against . 
a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity . 
the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second . 
basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars . 
too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization . 
an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director john mckay can swallow . 
it's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible . 
 " the time machine " is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humorit's just plain bored . 
 . . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it . 
a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those " can this marriage be saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . . 
the film's essentially over by the meet-cute . 
i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it . 
it's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think . socrates motions for hemlock . 
the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work . 
walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity . 
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal . 
it's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong . 
although there are several truly jolting scares , there's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at . 
i'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film . 
star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty . 
like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all . 
i don't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but don't treat me like a fool . 
 . . . although this idea is " new " the results are tired . 
i'm guessing the director is a magician . after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish . 
its well of thorn and vinegar ( and simple humanity ) has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks . 
for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam . 
don't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk . 
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through . 
the documentary does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation . 
plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread . 
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug . 
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous . 
vera's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them . 
[a] shapeless blob of desperate entertainment . 
feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work . 
generic thriller junk . teens only . 
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done . 
a by-the-numbers patient/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going . 
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time . 
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal . 
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry's boss , there isn't a redeeming moment here . 
it's a grab bag of genres that don't add up to a whole lot of sense . 
movie fans , get ready to take off . . . the other direction . 
[director] o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short . 
the intent is almost exactly the same [as the full monty] . all that's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight . 
no one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through the master of disguise . 
even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy . 
there's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging . 
it's not without its pleasures , but i'll stick with the tune . 
miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness . 
despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine . 
more maudlin than sharp . 
this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento ( a producer here ) , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic . 
it's slow -- very , very slow . it's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie . that's pure pr hype . 
characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs . 
comes . . . uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief . 
visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it . 
stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green's half-hearted movie career . 
there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there . 
if you're a wwf fan , or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in a . i . , you'll probably like rollerball . 
i don't think i laughed out loud once . and when you're talking about a slapstick comedy , that's a pretty big problem . 
it's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just can't get no satisfaction . 
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ? 
 . . . turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock . 
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy . 
my reaction in a word : disappointment . his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it . 
it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others . 
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos . 
intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story's least interesting subject . 
a non-mystery mystery . 
feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot . 
what an embarrassment . 
for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout . 
in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buuel film without the latter's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . 
i've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it's not that big a deal . 
the vintage is pure '87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : fatal attraction = don't have an affair with a nutjob ; unfaithful = don't if you're married to one . 
a workshop mentality prevails . 
it cannot be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull . yes , dull . 
pumpkin wants to have it both ways . 
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback . 
[w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands . 
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent . 
this piece of channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast . 
an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story . 
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance . . . 
it's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes . 
as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms . redgrave's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality . 
new best friend's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous . 
an appalling 'ace ventura' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . if any of them list this 'credit' on their resumes in the future , that'll be much funnier than anything in the film . . . 
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant . 
scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent ; perdition , meanwhile , reads more like driving miss daisy than goodfellas . 
while the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target . 
as the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game , i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor . 
this isn't even madonna's swept away . this is her blue lagoon . 
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom . 
 . . . the film suffers from a lack of humor ( something needed to balance out the violence ) . . . 
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast . 
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce . 
has all the depth of a wading pool . 
this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing . 
the so-inept- it's-surreal dubbing ( featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer ) brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks . 
 . . . the movie is just a plain old monster . 
if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it's john turturro , who's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish . 
one long string of cliches . 
a noble failure . 
fancy a real downer ? [leigh] lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race . 
professionally speaking , it's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller . 
nelson's brutally unsentimental approach . . . sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle . 
weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell . 
at once half-baked and overheated . 
there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it . 
i still can't relate to stuart : he's a mouse , for cryin' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough . 
[serry] wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition . it's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one . 
by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles  several of them . 
sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out . 
lstima por schwarzenegger , pero es hora de que deje la estafeta a las nuevas generaciones . 
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids . 
its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ? 
woefully pretentious . 
the problem with this film is that it lacks focus . i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie doesn't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand . 
a momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year . 
 . . . think of it as american pie on valium . 
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled . 
puportedly " based on true events , " a convolution of language that suggests it's impossible to claim that it is " based on a true story " with a straight face . 
 . . . a plotline that's as lumpy as two-day old porridge . . . the filmmakers' paws , sad to say , were all over this " un-bear-able " project ! 
 . . . irritating soul-searching garbage . 
it's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel . 
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap . 
some of it is clever , but it is never melodic/
a relative letdown . 
better to just call it abc kiarostami . for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery . 
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version . this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars . 
manages to be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious . 
warmed-over hash . 
this rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film knows how to please a crowd , and that's about all it does well . 
it's clear the filmmakers weren't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination . 
as vulgar as it is banal . 
a puzzling experience . 
you wonder why enough wasn't just a music video rather than a full-length movie . 
the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go . 
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second . 
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary . 
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple  he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better . 
suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it's been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood . 
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit . 
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience . 
sit through this one , and you won't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you . 
a sometimes tedious film . 
teen movies have really hit the skids . 
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through . 
 . . . plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller . 
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns . 
what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting . 
does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color . 
just not campy enough
the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting . 
it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything's in place but something's just a little off-kilter . 
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects . 
for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new . 
it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen . 
due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality . 
 . . . plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments . 
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises
combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he's shooting the latest system of a down video . 
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away . it's a buggy drag . 
works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them . 
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide . 
nonsensical , dull " cyber-horror " flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting . 
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone . 
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane . 
a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked . 
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned . 
whereas last year's exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it . 
 . . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause . 
green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project . 
i can take infantile humor . . . but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer's diapers . 
there isn't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients . 
the tale of tok ( andy lau ) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o ( takashi sorimachi ) , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold . 
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner . 
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work . 
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j . m . barrie's peter pan . 
samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
 . . . routine , harmless diversion and little else . 
late marriage's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u . s . viewers off their feet . 
this time mr . burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again . 
while there's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying 'get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
it's hampered by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth . 
let's hope -- shall we ? -- that the 'true story' by which all the queen's men is allegedly " inspired " was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what's been cobbled together onscreen . 
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? i don't think so . nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me . 
there is very little dread or apprehension , and though i like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill . 
if you've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever . 
in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan . 
adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized . but what are adults doing in the theater at all ? 
sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation . 
it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue . 
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn . 
partway through watching this saccharine , easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show . 
the overall effect is less like a children's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts . 
portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama . 
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz . 
jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot . 
to say this was done better in wilder's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east . 
at the very least , if you don't know anything about derrida when you walk into the theater , you won't know much more when you leave . 
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental . 
as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting . 
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater . 
there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff . 
it can't decide if it wants to be a mystery/thriller , a romance or a comedy . 
denis o'neill's script avoids the prime sports cliche , a last-second goal to win the championship , but it neglects few others . 
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him . 
one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution . 
serving sara doesn't serve up a whole lot of laughs . 
the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take . 
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge . 
stale , futile scenario . 
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness . 
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment . 
like the chelsea's denizens . . . burdette's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste . 
it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt . 
the film makes a fatal mistake : it asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life . 
another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues . 
shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere . 
i can't quite recommend it -- it's too patched together -- but i almost can ; it's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it . 
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining . 
something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously . 
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived . 
on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality . 
the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships . 
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs . . . a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm . 
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience . 
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts . 
although huppert's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun . 
it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff . 
bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad . 
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen . 
if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , don't settle for this imposter . 
not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers . 
the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a halloween that died . 
davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is . 
the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves . 
the messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated old testament tale of jonah and the whale . determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor didn't quite engage this adult . 
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit . but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material . 
long time dead ? not nearly long enough . 
nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle . 
a solid film . . . but more conscientious than it is truly stirring . 
there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours . 
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays . 
perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies . 
mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script . 
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes . 
skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt . 
who needs love like this ? 
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story . 
returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy . 
exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise . 
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive . 
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity . 
it's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it doesn't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks . 
whenever its story isn't bogged down by idiocy involving the cia and a lost u . s . satellite , hunter -- starring irwin and his american wife/colleague , terri -- is a movie children should enjoy . 
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
a sequence of ridiculous shoot-'em-up scenes . 
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
i'm just too bored to care . 
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater . 
not a stereotype is omitted nor a clich left unsaid . 
as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear . 
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience . 
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong . 
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining . 
scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about . 
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel . 
like being trapped at a perpetual frat party . . . how can something so gross be so boring ? 
this is so bad . 
even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping . 
i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example . 
prurient playthings aside , there's little to love about this english trifle . 
this is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed james bond into the mindless xxx mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs . 
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle . 
it's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up . the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence . 
van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase 'comedy gag . ' at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch . 
a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers . 
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither . 
every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . something like scrubbing the toilet . or emptying rat traps . or doing last year's taxes with your ex-wife . 
scooby dooby doo / and shaggy too / you both look and sound great . / but daphne , you're too buff / fred thinks he's tough / and velma - wow , you've lost weight ! 
is the time really ripe for a warmed-over james bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ? 
there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television . 
however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust . 
the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse . 
some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny . 
even horror fans will most likely not find what they're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor . 
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class . . . . designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , " crossroads " instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns . 
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
it's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface . 
the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well . 
sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred chevy chase and goldie hawn . 
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character . 
demands too much of most viewers . 
the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on . 
it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit . so i just did . 
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme . 
aggravating and tedious . 
the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear . 
the film seems a dead weight . the lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt . 
for anyone who grew up on disney's 1950 treasure island , or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor . 
a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against . . . well , just stuff . watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy . 
meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it's so bad it's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie . 
the ending is a cop-out . what happens to john q ? i don't have an i am sam clue . 
has the feel of an unedited personal journal . 
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more . 
cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed . 
this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
it doesn't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than " confessions of a dangerous mind . " 
the subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one . 
 . . . hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves . 
unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
the overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten . . . make that three minutes . 
lacks depth . 
most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots . this one's weaker than most . 
there's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to . 
audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones . 
under-rehearsed and lifeless
the film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next . 
you can practically smell the patchouli oil . 
to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career . 
the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes . 
an often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
this film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions . 
consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g
another week , another gross-out college comedy--ugh . 
laughably , irredeemably awful . 
moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance . 
there is no insight into the anguish of heidi's life -- only a depiction of pain , today's version of greek tragedy , the talk-show guest decrying her fate . 
the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden . 
when [de palma's] bad , he's really bad , and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done . 
tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : young is cool , and too young is too cool . 
i doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time christmas really rolls around , but maybe it'll be on video by then . 
uncertain in tone . . . a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things . 
all's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags . 
the only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound . 
if you think that jennifer lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry ben affleck , wait till you see maid in manhattan . 
stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately serving sara doesn't distinguish itself from the herd . 
it's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish . 
culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character . 
in the end , ted bundy's only justification is the director's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there's no larger point , and little social context . 
 . . . ( like ) channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie . 
a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek . 
shot perhaps 'artistically' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity . 
imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs . 
soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself . 
a one-trick pony whose few t&a bits still can't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable . 
the worst kind of independent ; the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb . 
the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script . 
it's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile . 
proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie . 
well , it does go on forever . 
this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd . 
topkapi this is not . 
if shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why didn't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ? 
ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the beatnik generation and it's all over his chelsea walls . 
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama . 
i'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you're the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the '70s . 
while the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what's supposed to be a comedy . 
if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now . 
a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect . 
guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things . she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs . 
audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school . 
to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist . 
it delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning . 
credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter . 
i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr . holland's class for the music , or to robin williams's lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve . 
for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views . 
a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison . 
yes , one enjoys seeing joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch , but her love for the philandering philip only diminishes her stature . 
it's a film that hinges on its casting , and glover really doesn't fit the part . 
this is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself . 
 . . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle . 
literally nothing in the pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980's this one should appease you for 90 minutes . 
arguably the year's silliest and most incoherent movie . 
anyway , for one reason or another , crush turns into a dire drama partway through . after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin . too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it's not a total loss . 
chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about . 
a mixed bag of a comedy that can't really be described as out of this world . 
unwieldy contraption . 
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously . 
marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie . 
the piano teacher is the sort of movie that discourages american audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film . 
if it's another regurgitated action movie you're after , there's no better film than half past dead . 
so what is the point ? lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically . 
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest . 
when it's all wet , blue crush is highly enjoyable . when it's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper . 
most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future . 
the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business . 
you see robert de niro singing - and dancing to - west side story show tunes . choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny ! b . ) that sure is pathetic ! 
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards . 
this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring . 
before long , the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon . 
the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin . 
instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre . but what about the countless other people who'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ? 
a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker . 
scarlet diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it's a lot less sensational than it wants to be . 
the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix . 
flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as morvern's thick , working-class scottish accent . 
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee . 
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . what's worse is that pelosi knows it . 
 . . . instead go rent " shakes the clown " , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance . 
lame , haphazard teen comedy . 
it's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u . s . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it's in french ( well , mostly ) with english subtitles and is magically 'significant' because of that . 
this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through . 
expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies . 
nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichs and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera . 
it's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood isn't laughing with us , folks . it's laughing at us . 
might have been better off as a documentary , with less of mr . eyre's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage . 
every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet . for benigni it wasn't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio . it might as well have been problem child iv . 
arnold's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces . 
both awful and appealing . 
the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary . 
nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about . 
we are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting . 
helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge . 
it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 . 
i hated every minute of it . 
[t]hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the stepford wives mentality doesn't work in a modern context . 
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold ! the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic . 
there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version . 
a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within . 
roger michell , who did an appealing job directing persuasion and notting hill in england , gets too artsy in his american debut . 
there is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt seagal's character . . . performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we're not watching a double . 
anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time . 
ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive . 
if this is an example of the type of project that robert redford's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it's time to rethink independent films . 
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film . 
not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies . 
it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull . 
the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is . 
a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man . 
director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
egoyan's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious . 
it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy . 
despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like [seinfeld's] revered tv show , about pretty much nothing . 
shadyac shoots his film like an m . night shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension . 
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial . 
there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
the story's so preposterous that i didn't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved . 
i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me . 
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be america's sweetheart . 
an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent . 
birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it . 
de niro and mcdormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story's inability to create interest . 
even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy . . . even for disney . 
that is essentially what's missing from blackboards -- the sense of something bigger , some ultimate point . 
a compendium of solondz's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes . 
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be " how does steven seagal come across these days ? " or maybe " how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? 
it is a comedy that's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling ( and an uneasy alliance , at that ) . 
the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay . 
you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus . 
dissing a bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours , you feel like winding up with a kick . 
ritchie's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people's faces to the fact amber is such a joke . 
flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams . 
little more than a frothy vanity project . 
the film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending . 
verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills . 
for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer . 
the sum of all fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there's something cringe-inducing about seeing an american football stadium nuked as pop entertainment . 
alex nohe's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget nc-17 version of tank girl . 
the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller . 
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet . 
the story really has no place to go since simone is not realshe can't provide any conflict . 
ihops don't pile on this much syrup . 
for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies . 
focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her " madness " so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device . 
this series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last james bond movie . 
a bit of an unwieldy mess . 
with a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you don't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door . 
the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women . 
the movie feels like it's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens . 
a gimmick in search of a movie : how to get carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned . 
 . . . the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats . 
 . . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense . 
 . . . lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar . 
it's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold . 
it's tough , astringent , darkly funny and . . . well , it's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning . 
largely a for-fans artifact . 
there's no denying the elaborateness of the artist's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity . 
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better . 
there's plenty of style in guillermo del toro's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply can't sustain more than 90 minutes . 
[i]f you've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you've already seen this kind of thing . 
first-time director joo pedro rodrigues' unwillingness to define his hero's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on . 
no reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously didn't invest much into itself either . 
a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
a boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater . 
the vampire thriller blade ii starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun  toward the end , you can feel your veins cringing from the workout . 
when the first few villians are introduced as " spider " and " snake " you know you're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak . 
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions . 
the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal . 
[director] byler may yet have a great movie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one . 
so few movies explore religion that it's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler . 
it's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through . 
watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good . 
it's fun , but a psychological mess , with austin powers bumping his head on the way out of the closet . 
there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject . 
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper . 
could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes fatal attraction look like a classic by comparison ? that's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan's existence . 
i didn't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube , and his skinny buddy mike epps , to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood . 
the only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare . 
i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation . 
the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately . 
human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control . 
[it's] a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy . 
not even the hanson brothers can save it
the thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker doesn't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case . 
 . . . [a] strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense . 
a sour , nasty offering . 
feels like one of those contrived , only-in -hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk . 
obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script . 
it tells more than it shows . 
earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material . 
the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles . 
pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick . 
not every animated film from disney will become a classic , but forgive me if i've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school " cartoon " . 
do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor . 
nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and showtime is crammed full of them . 
much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie . 
this is really just another genre picture . 
each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception . 
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot . . . 
a trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home . 
neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn . 
'carente de imaginacin , mal dirigida , peor actuada y sin un pice de romance , es una verdadera prdida de tiempo y dinero'
acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes " never again " worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie . 
 " collateral damage " goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment  until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief
'enigma' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . a waste of good performances . 
a dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours . . . a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle . 
i kept thinking over and over again , 'i should be enjoying this . ' but i wasn't . 
as conceived by mr . schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell . 
like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten . 
the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do . 
just like hearst's enormous yacht , it's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination . 
there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false . 
where last time jokes flowed out of cho's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines . 
why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from shirley jackson , richard matheson . . . and puke up something like rose red ? 
a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags . 
 . . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film . 
lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose . 
though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work . 
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about . 
wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of hubert's punches ) , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn . 
somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional . 
this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack . 
is " ballistic " worth the price of admission ? absolutely not . it sucked . would i see it again ? please see previous answer . 
the premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them . 
sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution . 
kidman is really the only thing that's worth watching in birthday girl , a film by the stage-trained jez butterworth ( mojo ) that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of british comedies in the post-full monty world . 
imagine the james woods character from videodrome making a home movie of audrey rose and showing it to the kid from the sixth sense and you've imagined the ring . 
this time kaufman's imagination has failed him . 
an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort . 
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling . " interview " loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 
'unfaithful' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . too bad . 
frenetic but not really funny . 
taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise . 
if you're not a prepubescent girl , you'll be laughing at britney spears' movie-starring debut whenever it doesn't have you impatiently squinting at your watch . 
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy . 
an awful snooze . 
sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle . 
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing . 
director clare kilner's debut is never as daft as it should have been . 
new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video . 
wallace seems less like he's been burning to tell a war story than he's been itching to somehow tack one together
the thrill is ( long ) gone . 
just plain silly . 
began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course . 
part comedy , part drama , the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole . 
godawful boring slug of a movie . 
dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm . 
scene-by-scene , things happen , but you'd be hard-pressed to say what or why . 
 . . . an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work . 
it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie . . . but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object . it is also , at times , curiously moving . 
the tug-of-war at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes . 
vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship . 
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations . 
being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film . 
offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented . 
mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor . 
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness . 
accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license . 
for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale . 
a soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title . 
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another . 
although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours . 
feeble comedy . 
great story , bad idea for a movie . 
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams writer/director/producer robert rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry . 
there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters . 
it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
 " my god , i'm behaving like an idiot ! " yes , you are , ben kingsley . 
a dreadful live-action movie . 
divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy . 
an earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s . 
a hideous , confusing spectacle , one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future rice adaptations . 
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit . 
between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap . 
if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still wouldn't add up to the time required to boil a four- minute egg . 
despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another . 
every bit as bogus as most disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point . 
a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at . 
never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful . 
spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama . 
oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven . why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me . 
the creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts' haunting is routine . 
whatever eyre's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place . 
scotland , pa . blurs the line between black comedy and black hole . 
it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world . 
the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd . it's all pretty cynical and condescending , too . 
i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind . 
a boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk'n'slash . 
what you would end up with if you took orwell , bradbury , kafka , george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender . but that's just the problem with it - the director hasn't added enough of his own ingredients . 
with recent tensions rekindled by the kathleen soliah trial and the upcoming trial of sla members emily and william harris , not to mention sept . 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate fire's bright side . 
flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat . 
writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability . 
 . . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying . 
is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ? 
faultlessly professional but finally slight . 
schmaltzy and unfunny , adam sandler's cartoon about hanukkah is numbingly bad , little nicky bad , 10 worst list bad . 
it's really yet another anemic and formulaic lethal weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness . 
scotland , pa . is a strangely drab romp . some studio pizazz might have helped . 
when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart . 
there's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career . 
too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , tunnel under or barrel through . 
the cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the festival of lights as mr . deeds was to that of frank capra . 
 . . . the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity . 
the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy . 
if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get . 
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers . 
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan . 
morrissette's script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit -- but it doesn't signify a whole lot either . 
there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter . 
all ms . jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters . 
mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness . 
this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few . 
this isn't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it's the cliffsnotes with pages missing . 
considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well . 
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine . 
so clichd that , at one point , they literally upset an apple cart . 
it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor . 
it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three's company-style laugh track . 
when the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility . 
credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment . 
the movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun . 
[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race . 
doesn't amount to much of anything . 
bullock's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly . 
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome . 
enduring love but exhausting cinema . 
some of seagal's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot . 
a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes . 
a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been . 
a little too pat for its own good . 
there are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them . 
watching trouble every day , at least if you don't know what's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms . 
well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special . 
what would jesus do if he was a film director ? he'd create a movie better than this . 
when a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that's a bad sign . a very bad sign . 
it's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story . 
can't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers . still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral . 
diane lane shines in unfaithful . almost everything else is wan . 
i'm afraid you won't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather , you'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief . 
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something . 
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere . 
the makers of divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood should offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie . 
god help the poor woman if attal is this insecure in real life : his fictional yvan's neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse . 
let's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : stay home . 
undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof . 
the film's implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john . 
rates an 'e' for effort -- and a 'b' for boring . 
you've already seen heartbreak if you've watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard . even the unwatchable soapdish is more original . 
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on " the simpsons " has . 
a journey that's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which hoffman's brilliance almost makes worth taking . 
the movie bounces all over the map . 
but buying into sham truths and routine " indie " filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie . it's not horrible , just horribly mediocre . 
not always too whimsical for its own good ( but enough to do harm ) , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs . 
 " juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually . 
it's a sometimes interesting remake that doesn't compare to the brilliant original . 
you're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous . 
 . . . salaciously simplistic . 
feel bad for king , who's honestly trying , and schwartzman , who's shot himself in the foot . 
some actors steal scenes . tom green just gives them a bad odor . this self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard , but he's the most obvious one . 
sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well . 
the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized . 
shallow . 
begins as a promising meditation on one of america's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt . 
a monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it . 
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report . 
the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone . 
there's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant . 
in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis . 
director barry skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of " the longest yard " playbook like a checklist . 
the furious coherence that [deniro] brings to this part only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels , as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing . 
oh , it's extreme , all right . extremely dumb . extremely confusing . extremely boring . 
we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
for a shoot-'em-up , ballistic is oddly lifeless . 
one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
what happened with pluto nash ? how did it ever get made ? 
we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again . 
opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . " 
the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached . 
these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining . 
a less-than-thrilling thriller . 
a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan . 
matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy . 
how on earth , or anywhere else , did director ron underwood manage to blow $100 million on this ? 
everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones . 
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path . 
its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer . 
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion . 
the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness . 
it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition . 
it doesn't help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel . 
desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats . 
this film's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation . 
john mctiernan's botched remake may be subtler than norman jewison's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga . it's also stupider . 
director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama . 
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu . 
as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound . 
the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected . 
though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter . 
falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny . 
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious . 
anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going . 
all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull . 
demme's loose approach kills the suspense . 
this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture . 
[plays] in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy . 
the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low . 
nothing more than a mediocre trifle . 
a turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull . 
too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny , it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , david arquette . 
if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he'd have them mate . 
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere . 
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun . 
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ? 
all that ( powerpuff girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it's spread too thin . 
sometimes smart but more often sophomoric . 
the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch . 
collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness . 
dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding . 
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing . 
a great idea becomes a not-great movie . 
 . . . watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . and if the hours wins 'best picture' i just might . 
by the end , i was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious . 
not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it's almost funny . 
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention . 
life is a crock -- or something like it . 
made by jackasses for jackasses . 
despite a powerful portrayal by binoche , it's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum . 
the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn . 
bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that . 
disjointed parody . 
given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there isn't much . 
a bravura exercise in emptiness . 
philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach . 
despite the premise of a good story . . . it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles . 
all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto . 
not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well . 
first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction . 
this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
it's difficult to say whether the tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing--i'm prepared to call it a draw . 
even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame . 
so routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program . 
sunshine state lacks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece . 
even legends like alfred hitchcock and john huston occasionally directed trifles . . . so it's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like zhang yimou behind the camera for a yarn that's ultimately rather inconsequential . 
a long-winded , predictable scenario . 
too close to phantom menace for comfort . 
 . . . silly humbuggery . . . 
although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result doesn't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke . 
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining . 
this movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray . 
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original . 
melanie eventually slugs the yankee . too bad the former murphy brown doesn't pop reese back . 
at the bottom rung of the series' entries . 
a real clunker . a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless . 
a dreary rip-off of goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for hispanic americans . 
the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion/harmonica/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety . 
good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction . 
a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason . 
a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality . 
lawrence preaches strictly to the converted . 
as written by michael berg and michael j . wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all . 
will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings . 
just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos . 
choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy . 
 . . . the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs . 
the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers . 
if you're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere . 
it virtually defines a comedy that's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while . 
an instant candidate for worst movie of the year . 
despite its title , amy's orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one . 
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause . 
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse . 
what kids will discover is a new collectible . what parents will suspect is that they're watching a 76-minute commercial . 
beers , who , when she's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall . . . [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures . 
without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie . now it's a bad , embarrassing movie . 
drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness . 
there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
unless you are in dire need of a diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it . wait for video -- and then don't rent it . 
the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven . 
there's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about . 
too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes . 
when a film is created solely because it's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result . let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested . 
unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit . 
the more kevin costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like dragonfly tossed at them . 
[it's] difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view . 
the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace . 
taken purely as an exercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore . but as a movie , it's a humorless , disjointed mess . 
if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil . 
the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense . 
too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , frank novak's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless . 
overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring . 
what is captured during the conceptual process doesn't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form . 
if this is satire , it's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook . 
had the film boasted a clearer , more memorable , the creepiness would have gotten under the skin . 
these people wouldn't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance . 
imagine if you will a tony hawk skating video interspliced with footage from behind enemy lines and set to jersey shore techno . 
it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment . 
the director's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design ) . 
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through . 
apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths . marisa tomei is good , but just a kiss is just a mess . 
opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist's death bed and doesn't get much livelier in the three hours in between . 
the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction . 
to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable . 
too simple for its own good . 
flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey . 
a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags . 
suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video . 
the screenplay sabotages the movie's strengths at almost every juncture . all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable . 
a trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience . 
newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman . 
shouldn't have been allowed to use the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 
often silly  and gross  but it's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films . 
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . any rock pile will do for a set . reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . 
it's exactly what you'd expect . 
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud . 
a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men . 
reggio's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nike ad . 
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up . 
if somebody was bored and . . . decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd come up with something like bart freundlich's world traveler . 
the best you can say about it is it's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now . 
a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu . 
an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma . 
too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing . 
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ? 
eh . 
the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension . 
the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future . 
if this is the resurrection of the halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead . 
this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career . 
i saw knockaround guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the spanish-american war . . . it's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink . 
though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barely worth following . 
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america . 
no worse than a lot of the crap we've been offered this summer , and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go . 
the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset . 
at first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin . 
never again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds . 
the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed . 
este  apenas mais um ( longo ) episdio do programa da mtv . a nica diferena  que , desta vez , a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas . 
technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial . 
the title's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is . 
the parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) . 
while the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an american movie might demand , scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a hollywood production . 
the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny . 
it's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell . 
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper . 
any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes . 
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network . 
lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun . 
credit must be given to harland williams , michael rosenbaum and barry watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves
denzel washington's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony . 
if this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally ) . 
so faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check . 
rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next . 
there's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent . 
i can only imagine one thing worse than kevin spacey trying on an irish accent , and that's sultry linda fiorentino doing the same thing . 
an awkward and indigestible movie . 
the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs . 
haneke keeps us at arm's length . guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens . 
all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness . 
there's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong . this is an hour and a half of daydreaming . 
message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither . 
no movement , no yuks , not much of anything . 
'dragonfly' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck . 
thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . now it's just tired . 
heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension . 
the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students . 
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick . 
a minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it's sort of true and it's sort of bogus and it's ho-hum all the way through . 
the movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark . 
plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights . 
it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either . 
quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ? 
the reason i found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say , is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory . 
what you get with empire is a movie you've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a latino in the lead . 
cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them . 
looks awfully like one long tourist spot for a mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter's imagination . 
the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls apart long before the end . 
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character . 
the overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there's still a real sense that the star trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction . 
de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal . 
i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot . 
another rent installment for the ian fleming estate . 
with danilo donati's witty designs and dante spinotti's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children's movie -- if only benigni hadn't insisted on casting himself in the title role . 
so lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun . 
though it draws several decent laughs , it's low-cal woody at best . 
has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags . 
britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all . 
 " the kid stays in the picture " is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat . 
well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons . 
sadly , hewitt's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks . 
if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna . 
this film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay . 
just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . or a profit . or some damn thing . 
the acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligan's island -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year . 
enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment . 
the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep . i like frank the pug , though . 
a restrained ribisi convinces as an italian , though if ever a movie needed one of the actor's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones . 
gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ? moot point . 
a hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face . 
needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey . 
the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , mr . desplechin is content to state it . 
madonna still can't act a lick . 
even the imaginative gore can't hide the musty scent of todd farmer's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship . 
if you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce . 
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life . but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored . 
serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
don't let your festive spirit go this far . 
though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed . . . that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr . schepisi's seems skimpy and unclear . 
hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it's heading . 
intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area . 
sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary . 
director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you'll find on a french poodle . 
 . . . perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world . 
suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal . 
i'd give real money to see the perpetrators of chicago torn apart by dingoes . 
movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt . 
the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off . 
i admire it and yet cannot recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time . 
a fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy . 
flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind . 
even if you feel like you've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to belushi's easy-going likableness . 
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence . 
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy . 
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
a recipe for cinematic disaster . . . part quentin tarantino , part guy ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it's all bad . 
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama . 
another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through . 
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music . 
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride . 
much of what is meant to be 'inspirational' and 'uplifting' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing [the movie's] mindset . 
well before it's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels . 
home alone goes hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do . besides , real movie producers aren't this nice . 
[nelson's] movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes . 
passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes . for me , this opera isn't a favorite , so it's a long time before the fat lady sings . 
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due . 
truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists . 
even die-hard fans of japanese animation . . . will find this one a challenge . 
filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water . 
the movie gets muted and routine . 
the issue of faith is not explored very deeply
it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 
the situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels . 
it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high . 
i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness . 
k-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy saving private ryanovich . 
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale . . . a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more . 
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf . 
black-and-white and unrealistic . 
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off . 
feels less like it's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers . 
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap . it would have benefitted the dialogue . 
a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas . 
elicits more groans from the audience than jar jar binks , scrappy doo and scooby dumb , all wrapped up into one . 
it's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school . 
 in the end , white oleander isn't an adaptation of a novel . it's a flashy , star-splashed reduction . 
this film , starring anthony hopkins and chris rock , is your typical 'fish out of water' story . you've seen them a million times . just one problem : fish out of water usually die . this one does . 
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging . 
a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie . 
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce . an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job . . . 
a combination of standard , stiff tv-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move . 
an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living . 
say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue . 
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna . 
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart's war , like the st . louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started . 
two-bit potboiler . 
a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crme brle . 
maudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring we didn't . 
never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery . 
the film's bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place . 
it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes . 
a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years . 
it won't be long before you'll spy i spy at a video store near you . 
this film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience . 
propelled not by characters but by caricatures . 
there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production . 
this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long . 
earnest but earthbound . . . a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast . 
the pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film can't help but go soft and stinky . 
for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero . 
a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie . 
if i spy were funny ( enough ) or exciting ( enough ) then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it's trying to reap from the moviegoing public . 
frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music . 
places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller . 
stephen earnhart's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition  wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text  when it's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type . 
a very average science fiction film . 
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters . 
how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us . 
the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap . 
the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama . 
the plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television- caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy . 
ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness . 
those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight . 
jolie's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips . 
as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure . 
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear . 
un thriller manqu qui tombe sur les nerfs presque ds la premire image . 
when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever . 
what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about . 
while benigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that . 
yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ? 
preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it's more like entertainment for trolls . 
none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter . 
 . . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise . 
as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers' puppet strings . 
 . . . has virtually no script at all . . . 
will only satisfy those who can't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly . 
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch . but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? ) just pound away . 
at times , however , dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insider's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about . 
rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation . 
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice's complex akasha into a cartoon monster . 
the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi . 
bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description . 
the new faces are interesting , but the old story isn't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted . 
most of the action setups are incoherent . 
liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase . 
 . . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs . 
the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball . 
dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one . 
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell . 
there's something deeply creepy about never again , a new arrow in schaeffer's quiver of ineptitudes . 
the problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one , there's no saving the movie . sorry , charlie
a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots . 
blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy . 
the cartoon that isn't really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that isn't really good enough to be in theaters . 
shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker's bottomless pit of self-absorption . 
this pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film's producers would be in the clink for life . 
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click . 
if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps . 
formula 51 is so trite that even yu's high-energy action stylings can't break through the stupor . 
only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry . 
when the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you're in trouble . 
[two] fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18th-century canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now . 
the film is really not so much bad as bland . 
the central story lacks punch . 
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention . 
this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer's coming-of-age . 
succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy . 
what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical . 
the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion . 
 " men in black ii , " has all the earmarks of a sequel . the story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ? 
sucking all the 'classic' out of robert louis stevenson's treasure island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and disney-fied adolescent angst . . . 
this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow . 
while super troopers is above academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling . 
a mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original . 
the low-budget full frontal was one of the year's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and solaris is its big-budget brother . 
the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of . 
the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments . 
apallingly absurd . . . the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a 9 " black and white portable tv . 
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer . 
the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive . 
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding . 
despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development . 
it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story . 
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief . 
this limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982's tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh . 
kwan makes the mix-and- match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action . 
while obviously an extremely personal work , it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut . 
any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it . 
i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story . 
has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act . 
it doesn't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality . 
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense . 
a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising . 
a semi-autobiographical film that's so sloppily written and cast that you cannot believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it . 
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original . 
the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other . 
the element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it . 
it's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it . 
maybe it's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , i want a little more than this . 
a graceless , witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller . 
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough . 
based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness . 
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail . 
to enjoy this movie's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by jolie and burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending . 
national lampoon's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
this is a great subject for a movie , but hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on . 
ecks this one off your must-see list . 
overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim . 
the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted . 
it's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie . no , it's the repetition of said behavior , and so children of the century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else . 
just because it really happened to you , honey , doesn't mean that it's interesting to anyone else . 
just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half . 
every so often a movie comes along that confirms one's worse fears about civilization as we know it . the new guy is one of them . 
this isn't a " friday " worth waiting for . 
everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television . 
if this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called beta alpha delta . 
not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey . 
uneasy mishmash of styles and genres . 
herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola's inadequate performance . 
all in all , there's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone . 
beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines . . . there just isn't much to laugh at . 
secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny . 
the film's center will not hold . 
myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another . 
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise . 
a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending . 
dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter . 
its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops . 
as an actor , the rock is aptly named . 
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales . 
i wish i could say " thank god it's friday " , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over . 
nothing about it fits . 
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them . 
somehow we're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become g . i . jane . 
the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct . 
consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept . 
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable . i tried to read the time on my watch . 
the film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in chinese history : war , revolution , communism , etc . 
johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to . 
ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '
the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect . 
the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but wasn't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing . 
the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel . 
once the audience figure out what's being said , the filmmaker's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care . 
there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought . 
it seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less . 
the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written . . . in the thrall of a vicious hangover . 
even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie . 
the film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes . 
just a bloody mess . 
creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller . 
martin scorsese cria um espetculo visual que no possui alma - um filme esteticamente belo , mas emocionalmente frio . 
you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production . 
has something to say . . . but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller . 
bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad . 
as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious . 
george , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please . 
for a film about two mismatched buddies , crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry . 
however clever nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging , the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release . 
extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it's still a mistake to go see it . 
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent . 
what will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 . 
 . . . too dull to enjoy . 
a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense . 
here's a self-congratulatory 3d imax rah-rah . 
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes . 
a sophomoric exploration of 'life problems' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about . 
it's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old . 
the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day . 
[u]nrelentingly stupid . 
going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film . 
lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine . 
admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch . for caine lovers only . 
a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional . 
de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins . 
no , it's not nearly as good as any of its influences . 
a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
the rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it's more comedy than suspense de palma creates . 
human nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal . 
city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing . 
the marquis de sade couldn't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be . 
what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama . 
the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming . 
drives for the same kind of bittersweet , conciliatory tone that three seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality . 
a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement . 
the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit . 
fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . and forget about any attempt at a plot ! 
it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we've seen and all you have left are john leguizamo's cool jackets . 
it's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic oliver parker intends to mangle next time . 
showtime is closer to slowtime . 
it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't make the cut . 
the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat . 
'how many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy . 
fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored . 
the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll . 
barely goes beyond comic book status . 
it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script . 
i spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations . it's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun . 
an eccentric little comic/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality . 
afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , all the queen's men is finally just one long drag . 
painfully padded . 
maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived . 
[morgan] , judd and franklin can't save the script , rooted in a novel by joseph finder , from some opportunism . 
the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted . 
passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless . 
safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull's-eye . 
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm . maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional . 
too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century . 
it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed . 
it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner . 
a sudsy cautionary tale . 
a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess . 
mr . wedge and mr . saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well . their film falters , however , in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that i'd hoped the movie would avoid . 
leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness . 
watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives . as your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart . 
unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor . 
on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team . 
one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating . 
 . . . this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core . 
murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together . 
the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act . 
warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard . 
[sen's] soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions . 
showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant " if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny " syndrome . 
sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre . 
don't waste your money . 
though certainly original in form , altar boys requires a taste for swamp thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score . 
there aren't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of georgian jews in tel aviv . 
there's not enough to sustain the comedy . 
like those to rome , all roads in the banger sisters inevitably lead to a joke about hawn's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them . 
we may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the balkans conflict . 
you're better off staying home and watching the x-files . 
chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror . 
bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences . 
this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another . 
friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it's called where's chris tucker when you need him ? 
this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
i weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider blue crush to be an intelligent film about young women . 
i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hoo-ha . 
no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story . 
a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to . 
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ? in a word -- yes . 
if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title . 
reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film . 
the movie makes absolutely no sense . its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ? 
the problem with this film is that it's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot . had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago . 
despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style . 
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous . 
the journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie . 
that zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered . 
the gantzes' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook . 
the streets , shot by cinematographer michael ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them . 
this is a good movie in spurts , but when it doesn't work , it's at important times . 
parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play . 
flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising . 
a tv episode inflated past its natural length . 
involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd . 
all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility . 
anemic , pretentious . 
there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they're not exactly flattering . 
the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession . 
the story . . . is moldy and obvious . 
it's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff . 
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star . 
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad . 
big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities . 
usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it . 
all the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure . 
glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism . 
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences . 
without a strong script and energetic acting , dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor's home videos . 
a mild , reluctant , thumbs down . 
strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery . 
schindler's list it ain't . 
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency . 
it's an awfully derivative story . 
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable navet and arbitrary flashbacks . 
it's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable . 
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie . 
with generic sets and b-grade special effects , jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as tv's defunct cleopatra 2525 . 
not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed . 
winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults . 
oft-described as the antidote to american pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
the pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and things heat up only in the movie's final scenes . 
the premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences . 
with its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , the ring makes its stupidity more than obvious . it's painful . 
pumpkin struts about with " courage " pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back . 
an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously . 
sheridan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth . 
an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial . 
writer/director john mckay ignites some charming chemistry between kate and jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it's disastrous and kate's jealous female friends become downright despicable . 
[newton]wanders through charlie completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality . 
unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me . i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic . 
a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable . 
the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations . then lower them a bit more . 
when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean . 
cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke . 
a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect . 
'abandon all hope , ye who enter here' . . . you should definitely let dante's gloomy words be your guide . 
what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy . 
a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level . 
birot's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with christophe honor ) isn't so much bad as it is bland . 
watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it . 
enough similarities to gymkata and howie long's firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs . 
succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series . 
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic . 
if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that doesn't exactly favour the audience . 
like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
 " an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . " 
pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs . 
what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class . 
the stories here suffer from the chosen format . 
while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun . 
just how extreme are these ops ? i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough . 
the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus . 
john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie . 
the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense . 
hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world . 
build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year . 
rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down . 
 . . . has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor  but it's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . 
a incompetncia de marcus adams como roteirista s  superada por sua pssima direo . 
the master of disaster - it's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy . 
this isn't a movie ; it's a symptom . 
the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isn't exactly kiddie-friendly alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown . 
the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002's first quarter . 
it's so underwritten that you can't figure out just where the other characters , including ana's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of ana's future . 
a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not . 
none of this violates the letter of behan's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor . 
bad company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script . 
even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat . 
fails to bring as much to the table . 
a film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy hollywood caper flick . 
disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material . 
if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog . 
i hate this movie
it's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . 
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . 
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability . . . all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he's not trying to laugh at how bad it
 . . . pitiful , slapdash disaster . a doa dud from frame one . 
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter's glory days on three's company . 
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself . 
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 
the dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film . first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course . 
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register . 
godard uses his characters -- if that's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks . 
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing . 
a predictable , manipulative stinker . the story passes time until it's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge . 
eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath . it's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it's only acting . 
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that's shapeless and uninflected . 
it's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it's just grating . 
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen . 
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
the dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically . 
the people in abc africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras . 
what's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that's tv sitcom material at best . 
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess . 
call me a cynic , but there's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message . 
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2-hour , dissipated length . 
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow's car . 
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . 
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing . 
feels less like a change in [herzog's] personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . 
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced . 
will anyone who isn't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it hasn't gone straight to video ? 
a selection of scenes in search of a movie . 
[janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr . besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms . shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic . 
true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 
[evans is] a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 
the script's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off . 
you come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that's at the center of the story . 
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter's invention . 
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches . 
loosely speaking , we're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin . 
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four . 
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name . 
the redeeming feature of chan's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what's worse , routine . 
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it doesn't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde's wit and the actors' performances . 
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool . 
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 
a lifetime movie about men . 
the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman . 
it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable . 
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines . 
i think it was plato who said , 'i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . 
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad's wallet . 
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art . 
this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' . 
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books . 
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear . but one thing's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary . 
yet another weepy southern bore-athon . 
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout ? is that it's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime . 
except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made . 
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep . 
who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices . 
it's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones's diary . 
almost as offensive as " freddy got fingered . " 
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him . 
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film . 
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . 
for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . 
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness . 
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard . 
originality is sorely lacking . 
the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker's flailing reputation . 
ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour . 
lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's also drab and inert . 
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ? 
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing . 
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's . 
it all seemed wasted like deniro's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . 
[i]t's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop isn't as funny as it should be . 
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 
just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love . 
'sophisticated' viewers who refuse to admit that they don't like it will likely call it 'challenging' to their fellow sophisticates . 
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic . 
the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down . 
it doesn't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject . 
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb . 
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge . 
every note rings false . 
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . 
it never rises to its clever what-if concept . 
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent . 
this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people . 
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal . 
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore . 
grating and tedious . 
[less a movie than] an appalling , odoriferous thing . . . so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you'll want to crawl up your own * * * in embarrassment . 
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious . it's too bad nothing else is . 
hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast . 
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . 
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
a serious movie with serious ideas . but seriously , folks , it doesn't work . 
there's nothing exactly wrong here , but there's not nearly enough that's right . 
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises . 
i couldn't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . 
what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 
[a] painfully flat gross-out comedy . . . 
even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 
the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there's just not much lurking below its abstract surface . 
it's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction . 
i'm sure there's a teenage boy out there somewhere who's dying for this kind of entertainment . 
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 
there's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery . 
it drowns in sap . 
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
it's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that's just too boring and obvious . 
i'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . there's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease . 
the good thing -- the only good thing -- about extreme ops is that it's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving to-do list . 
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones . 
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . it's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness . 
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt's gentle , endearing 1975 children's novel . 
benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow . 
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it doesn't make any sense . 
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichs . 
mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values . 
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . 
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling . 
the material and the production itself are little more than routine . 
the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 
it's all surface psychodramatics . 
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . 
that frenetic spectacle [on the tv show] has usually been leavened by a charm that's conspicuously missing from the girls' big-screen blowout . 
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera . 
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them . 
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents . 
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . 
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay . 
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
a wordy wisp of a comedy . 
broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
[seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's razzie . 
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . 
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves . 
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman can't save it . 
i realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked , its story was making no sense at all . 
it made me realize that we really haven't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since . . . well . . . since last week's reign of fire . 
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs . sever , were made for the palm screen . 
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it's geared toward an audience full of masters of both . 
after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying . 
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
it's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly . 
if all of eight legged freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , i would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation . 
suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple doesn't mean you have to check your brain at the door . the same should go for movie theaters . 
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore . 
the film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film . 
as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs . 
la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , rpidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
this franchise has not spawned a single good film . the crap continues . 
if only it were , well , funnier . 
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) . 
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky . 
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens . when it comes out on video , then it's the perfect cure for insomnia . 
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
the pairing does sound promising in theory . . . but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners . 
director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking . 
as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment 'tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away' on this screenplay . 
the picture doesn't know it's a comedy . 
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . 
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey . 
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . 
nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick . 
lan yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it doesn't even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for ( and misses ) . 
this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned . 
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasn't all that great to begin with . 
an often unfunny romp . 
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . 
twenty years later , reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task . 
it bites hard . 
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action . 
we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting . 
despite hoffman's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before . 
there's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and the count of monte cristo . . . never quite settles on either side . 
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . 
schaefer's . . . determination to inject farcical raunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . 
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 
the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . it's in the action scenes that things fall apart . 
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder . 
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents . 
lacks dramatic punch and depth . 
there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to sustain the film . 
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin' down . 
sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
make like the title and dodge this one . 
this is not one of the movies you'd want to watch if you only had a week to live . 
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 
here's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior . 
it's obvious [je-gyu is] trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom . 
sweet home alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end . 
[green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story . 
a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team . . . but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote . 
despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break . 
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world's most generic rock star . 
it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective . 
it's tough being a black man in america , especially when the man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance . 
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . 
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video . 
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
would benigni's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ? 
unofficially , national lampoon's van wilder is son of animal house . officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny . 
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . 
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles . it's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy . 
will be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts . . . 
authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow . 
[a] mess . 
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . 
the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo . 
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . . 
vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much . 
 . . . no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . 
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set . 
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party . 
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business . 
the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness . 
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse . 
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste . 
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
 . . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . 
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot 'surprises' are really surprising . 
eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable . 
to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion . 
although barbershop boasts some of today's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom . 
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie . 
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility . 
the good is very , very good . . . the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful . 
'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 
be forewarned , if you're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . in the wrong hands , i . e . peploe's , it's simply unbearable
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 
dramatically lackluster . 
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic style . 
a gushy episode of " m * a * s * h " only this time from an asian perspective . 
 " looking for leonard " just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something . 
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy . 
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . 
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork . 
entertaining enough , but nothing new
 . . . one resurrection too many . 
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout . even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached . 
demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material . 
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . 
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest 'tron' anderson , seems entirely improvised . 
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama . 
a timid , soggy near miss . 
works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever . 
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . 
observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout maelstrom . 
this version of h . g . wells' time machine was directed by h . g . wells' great-grandson . they should have found orson welles' great-grandson . 
shunji iwai's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan . 
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man's monster movie . 
thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces don't quite fit together . 
 . . . would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie's edges . 
there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing . . . but she and writing partner laurence coriat don't manage an equally assured narrative coinage . 
though harris is affecting at times , he cannot overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice . 
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart . 
this is not a jackie chan movie . it's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . and that makes all the difference . 
far too clever by half , howard's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . 
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . 
i don't think this movie loves women at all . 
shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 
a negligible british comedy . 
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers . 
stay away . far away . 
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you're left with a sour taste in your mouth . 
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you're sure to get more out of the latter experience . 
what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ? 
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the " gadzooks ! " 
her film is like a beautiful food entre that isn't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless . 
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but didn't know how to handle it . 
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through . 
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion 'grandeur' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism . 
in the end , there isn't much to it . 
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances . 
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 
directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves aren't all that interesting . 
yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit . 
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe's misunderstanding of marivaux's rhythms , and mira sorvino's limitations as a classical actress . 
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references . 
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern . 
like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again . 
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor . 
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast . 
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they're simply not funny performers . 
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 
o timo esforo do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro , que , depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento , perde-se de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos so explicados . 
director david fincher and writer david koepp can't sustain it . 
finally coming down off of miramax's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie . 
a movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action tv series . 
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time . 
the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief . 
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . 
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they'll get plenty ) fills me with revulsion . 
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects . 
anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in 'the ring . '
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone's crazy french grandfather . 
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 
both overstuffed and undernourished . . . the film can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time . 
plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made miike . . . a cult hero . 
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff . 
the film's maudlin focus on the young woman's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking . 
a pretentious mess . 
predictably soulless techno-tripe . 
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . i also believe that resident evil is not it . 
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back . 
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 
no amount of nostalgia for carvey's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey's considerable talents are wasted in it . 
best described as i know what you did last winter . 
[taylor] takes us on a ride that's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb . 
it's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks . 
lazily directed by charles stone iii . . . from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis . 
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and clich . 
the most remarkable ( and frustrating ) thing about world traveler , which opens today in manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank . 
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art . 
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 
with lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- max is static , stilted . 
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . 
writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and 'just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters . 
make no mistake , ivans xtc . is a mess . 
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry . 
the concept is a hoot . the trailer is a riot . the movie is a dud . 
it's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring . 
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 
it's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie . 
some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema . 
these characters become wearisome . 
a hit- and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped . 
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . 
a sterling film - a cross between boys don't cry , deliverance , and ode to billy joe - lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard , but that film is yet to be made . 
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . 
contrived pastiche of caper clichs . 
many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short . 
just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit . 
the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield . 
like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless . 
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . 
yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other's existence . 
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny . 
i can't remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there's only one problemit's supposed to be a drama . 
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating . 
well , jason's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , don't shoot the messenger ) . 
donovan . . . squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences . 
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract . 
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . it may even fall into the category of films you love to hate . i admit it , i hate to like it . 
frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for . 
leaks treacle from every pore . 
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament . 
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities . 
while we want macdowell's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her . 
blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you aren't very bright , then blood work is for you . 
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it's hard to like a film so cold and dead . 
the film's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film's production design . 
a well-intentioned effort that's still too burdened by the actor's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility . 
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise . 
a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats . 
tom shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it . 
unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers . 
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece . 
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . 
 . . . while the humor aspects of 'jason x' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks . 
your taste for jonah - a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit . 
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels . 
while certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , jeong-hyang lee's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness . 
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained . 
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions . 
a collage of clichs and a dim echo of allusions to other films . 
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 
arty gay film . 
jonah is only so-so . . . the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it . 
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay . 
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ? 
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak . 
as steamy as last week's pork dumplings . 
incoherence reigns . 
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about . 
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures . 
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook . 
the whole thing's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . 
its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself . 
 . . . the good and different idea [of middle-aged romance] is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend " never again . " 
if disney's cinderella proved that 'a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio's wallet makes . 
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 
with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion . 
nothing about this movie works . 
if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell . 
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged . 
none of birthday girl's calculated events take us by surprise . . . 
are monsters born , or made ? 
lisa rinzler's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension . 
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors always accuse him of making . 
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations . 
the film is like sitting in a downtown caf , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor . 
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . 
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . 
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa . 
collapses under its own meager weight . 
this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous . 
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained . 
technically and artistically inept . 
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . 
though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral . 
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . 
death might be a release . 
'[hopkins]doesn't so much phone in his performance as fax it . no , even that's too committed . he gets his secretary to fax it . " 
sodden and glum , even in those moments where it's supposed to feel funny and light . 
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal . 
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep 'epic . '
even with its $50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story . 
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 
the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there's not enough to the story to fill two hours . 
very well made , but doesn't generate a lot of tension . 
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
it's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen . 
the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , 'what if ? ' but rather , 'how can you charge money for this ? '
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . 
 " freaky friday , " it's not . 
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 
in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie . 
maybe you'll be lucky , and there'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back . 
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter . 
this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 
narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself . 
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 
a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship . 
its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film . 
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 
the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . 
a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick . 
 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
it's just plain boring . 
sad nonsense , this . but not without cheesy fun factor . 
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 
really dumb but occasionally really funny . 
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial . 
a half-assed film . 
the director's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that's low on both suspense and payoff . 
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere . 
they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man clich atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work . 
reyes' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it's undone by a sloppy script
if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . 
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil . 
 . . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine . 
never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . " 
one of those so-so films that could have been much better . 
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama . 
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor . 
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots . 
cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . 
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept . 
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle . 
it's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter . 
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing . robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show . 
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 
[t]he film is never sure to make a clear point  even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often . 
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship . 
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 
a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
 . . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch . 
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams . 
what goes on for the 110 minutes of " panic room " is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals . 
the plot's contrivances are uncomfortably strained . 
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it's not scary in the slightest . 
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . . 
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this isn't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare . 
by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic . 
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor . 
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 
pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler . 
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being . 
it's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . 
a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
it tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did . 
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 
it's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly won't win any honors . 
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . 
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . 
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . 
though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract . 
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . 
sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist japanese jokes . 
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller . 
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . 
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing . 
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market . 
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . 
it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
on a certain base level , blue crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it . 
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh's rise up the social ladder . 
 . . . an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . 
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted . 
trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens . 
madonna has made herself over so often now , there's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson's nose . 
never having seen the first two films in the series , i can't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days . 
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched . 
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . 
it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . 
[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism . 
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag . 
scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers's title-bout features . 
highly uneven and inconsistent . . . margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within . 
very stupid and annoying . 
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . 
a listless and desultory affair . 
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen . 
how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked . 
wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award . 
any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome . 
lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market . 
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . there's no energy . 
apparently writer-director attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film . 
after the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go . 
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . 
a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be . 
a crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss . 
the film's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments . 
if you recognize zeus ( the dog from snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . 
abysmally pathetic
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , 'ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
shanghai ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage . 
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up . 
there's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present . 
it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . 
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness . 
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but doesn't quite get there . good performances keep it from being a total rehash . 
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal . 
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but . not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . if you're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again . it's 51 times better than this . 
it's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that 'zany' doesn't necessarily mean 'funny . '
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . 
neither revelatory nor truly edgy--merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . there are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills . 
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur . 
there's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film's simple title . 
while howard's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast . 
a preposterous , prurient whodunit . 
go , girls , right down the reality drain . 
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . 
can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . 
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle . 
 . . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own . 
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie . 
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner . 
too clumsy in key moments . . . to make a big splash . 
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that's neither original nor terribly funny . 
`matrix'-style massacres erupt throughout . . . but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy . 
at least it's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense . 
wanker goths are on the loose ! run for your lives ! 
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 
a grating , emaciated flick . 
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency . 
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 
 . . . unbearably lame . 
according to the script , grant and bullock's characters are made for each other . but you'd never guess that from the performances . 
the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
ararat feels like a book report
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen . 
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
an amalgam of the fugitive , blade runner , and total recall , only without much energy or tension . 
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
with miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , killing me softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it's-good camp . 
alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick . 
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat . 
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it's offensive , but that it's boring . 
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome clich . 
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
mark wahlberg . . . may look classy in a '60s-homage pokepie hat , but as a character he's dry , dry , dry . 
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 
now i can see why people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " . 
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it . 
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable " formula 51 " is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger . 
sandra bullock's best dramatic performance to date ( is ) almost enough to lift ( this ) thrill-kill cat-and-mouser . . . above its paint-by-numbers plot . 
a feel-good movie that doesn't give you enough to feel good about . 
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a 'topless tutorial service . '
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment . 
de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back . 
slap me , i saw this movie . 
[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise ! 
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay . 
oscar caliber cast doesn't live up to material
the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era . they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichs . 
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation . 
there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 
bland but harmless . 
'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . 
resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year . 
five screenwriters are credited with the clich-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . 
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . 
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter's the thing and loaded with actors you're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . 
the movie's blatant derivativeness is one reason it's so lackluster . 
la de salma es una versin de frida superficial , preciosista y sin ningn contenido . 
kids don't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 'snow dogs' has both . 
it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
wobbly senegalese updating of " carmen " which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai
it's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who doesn't think about percentages all day long . 
ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout  and meat loaf explodes . 
bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 
the premise of " abandon " holds promise , . . . but its delivery is a complete mess . 
what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess . 
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one's appetite for the bollywood films . 
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film's impressive performances and adept direction aren't likely to leave a lasting impression . 
the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects . 
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it . 
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . 
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is ! 
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film . 
opera on film is never satisfactory . the art demands live viewing . the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen . 
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless . 
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste . 
it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . 
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures . 
serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst . 
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche . 
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 
the story has little wit and no surprises . 
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety . 
hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? i didn't think so . 
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt . 
dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted
[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
the movie's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . 
 . . . may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . this scarlet's letter is a . . . as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary . 
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . 
the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest . 
a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight . 
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks . 
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium . 
there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more . 
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . she's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but doesn't reveal an inner life . 
a quaint , romanticized rendering . 
what with the incessant lounge music playing in the film's background , you may mistake love liza for an adam sandler chanukah song . 
the movie's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness . 
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted . 
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending . now he makes them . 
she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . . 
not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best . 
been there done that . 
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . 
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work . 
schnitzler's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying . 
even if it made its original release date last fall , it would've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . 
only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience . 
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target . 
[l]ame and unnecessary . 
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art . 
it's a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up . bravado kathy ! 
 . . . liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . too bad . 
you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you don't have to . 
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 
basically , it's pretty but dumb . 
this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . 
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 
there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings . 
reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down . 
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . 
co-writer/director jonathan parker's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short . 
if this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it . 
a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . 
if there's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way . 
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard . 
what's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens' deviant behaviour . being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough . 
an uninspired preachy and clichd war film . 
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible . 
a movie that harps on media-constructed 'issues' like whether compromise is the death of self this orgasm [won't be an] exceedingly memorable one for most people . 
slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by . 
if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value . 
i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 
little more than a well-mounted history lesson . 
rob schneider's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . 
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb . 
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . 
her fans walked out muttering words like " horrible " and " terrible , " but had so much fun dissing the film that they didn't mind the ticket cost . in this case zero . 
the film is so bad it doesn't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 
sheridan's take on the author's schoolboy memoir . . . is a rather toothless take on a hard young life . 
it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding mtier . 
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts . 
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs . woo , it looks like woo's a p . o . w . 
there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies . 
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . 
it's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . 
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance . 
the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . 
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 
[seems] even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . 
it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 
what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors . 
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . 
it's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . 
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect . 
it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick . 
like a medium-grade network sitcom--mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 
something must have been lost in the translation . 
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . 
in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 
chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical . 
 " the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes . 
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson's creek , they'll probably run out screaming . 
the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie . 
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . but how it washed out despite all of that is the project's prime mystery . 
whatever the movie's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes . 
as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely . 
there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious . 
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was . 
what a pity . . . that the material is so second-rate . 
doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . 
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea . 
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy . 
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley's breasts -- is authentic . 
amid the clich and foreshadowing , cage manages a degree of casual realism . . . that is routinely dynamited by blethyn . 
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild . 
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm doesn't do a load of good . 
strictly a 'guy's film' in the worst sense of the expression . 
there's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . 
it's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix's . 
there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . 
we're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments . 
like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 
there is nothing redeeming about this movie . 
the film has [its] moments , but they are few and far between . 
a dreary indulgence . 
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great . . . i'm not , and then i realized that i just didn't care . 
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone . 
deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
 . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 
tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often . 
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted . 
[a] crushing disappointment . 
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that's giving it the old college try . 
episode ii-- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight . 
the problem with all of this : it's not really funny . 
[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . 
viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet . 
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . 
the mantra behind the project seems to have been 'it's just a kids' flick . ' translation : 'we don't need to try very hard . '
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . so here it is : it's about a family of sour immortals . 
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we've been watching for decades
the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . 
there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
a cockeyed shot all the way . 
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered . 
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film . 
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth . 
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold . 
seems like someone going through the motions . 
for a film about explosions and death and spies , " ballistic : ecks vs . sever " seems as safe as a children's film . well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies . 
wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste . 
impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it isn't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited . 
choppy , overlong documentary about 'the lifestyle . '
one sloughs one's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot . 
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised . 
it's a fanboy 'what if ? ' brought to life on the big screen . 
the story itself is actually quite vapid . 
it's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it doesn't offer any insights that haven't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid-'90s . 
wait for pay per view or rental but don't dismiss barbershop out of hand . 
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic . 
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top . 
would've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film's predictable denouement . then nadia's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all . 
one of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily . 
nair just doesn't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . 
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 
it's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge . 
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks . 
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers . 
the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms . shreve's novel proved too difficult a text to 'lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i . q . than when i had entered . 
a really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film . 
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 
for its 100 minutes running time , you'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
a faster paced family flick . upper teens may get cynical . smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy . 
while this film has an 'a' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 
it's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns . 
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 
it's all gratuitous before long , as if schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story . 
 " i blame all men for war , " [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . 
it's fitfully funny but never really takes off . 
i've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake . 
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 
for all the complications , it's all surprisingly predictable . 
it's been 20 years since 48 hrs . made eddie murphy a movie star and the man hasn't aged a day . but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old . 
if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't . 
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 
 . . . a low rate annie featuring some kid who can't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school . 
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons  a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness . 
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 
tends to plod . 
a nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent . 
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic . 
it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has . 
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral . 
doesn't really add up to much . 
it's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind . 
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . 
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp . 
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 
it's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction . 
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece . . . so dull that its tagline should be : 'in space , no one can hear you snore . '
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours . 
it's like a drive-by . you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise . 
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized . 
this would-be 'james bond for the extreme generation' pic is one big , dumb action movie . stress 'dumb . '
the movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers . 
when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ? 
it's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . 
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question 'why ? '
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down . 
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
there's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale . 
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i cannot mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . 
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the [teen comedy] genre a bad name . 
distinctly sub-par . . . more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine . 
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv's dawson's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story . 
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party . 
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read 'seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
just isn't as weird as it ought to be . 
a " home alone " film that is staged like " rosemary's baby , " but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 
[siegel] and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie . 
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 
`hey arnold ! ' has some visual wit . . . but little imagination elsewhere . 
they're going through the motions , but the zip is gone . 
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women . 
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
it's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punch-drunk love . 
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the " webcast . " 
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who's seen george roy hill's 1973 film , " the sting . " 
gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichs . 
it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity . 
a major waste . . . generic . 
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental . 
a late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques . 
falls short in explaining the music and its roots . 
never inspires more than an interested detachment . 
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 
despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 
they do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film . 
a supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 
it is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied . 
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation . 
swimfan , like fatal attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub . 
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem . 
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . 
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . 
almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences . 
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic . 
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes . 
one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album . 
phoned-in business as usual . 
there's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself . 
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else . 
director-chef gabriele muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale . 
tartakovsky's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality . 
the most horrific movie experience i've had since " can't stop the music . " it may as well be called " jar-jar binks : the movie . " it's that painful . 
god is great , the movie's not . 
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . 
when in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . or else a doggie winks . 
a 'girls gone wild' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation isn't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers aren't removed and inquisitive enough for that . 
as original and insightful as last week's episode of behind the music . 
plays like john le carr with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . 
you may be galled that you've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie . 
it's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments . 
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that doesn't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it's only a movie . 
[crystal and de niro] manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing . 
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . 
the christ allegory doesn't work because there is no foundation for it
go for la salle's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script . 
it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
tries too hard to be funny in a way that's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span . 
i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father clich has been unturned . but no . 
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 
releasing a film with the word 'dog' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them . 
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination . 
it was a dark and stormy night . . . 
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . 
this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows . 
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie . 
freundlich's made [crudup] a suburban architect , and a cipher . 
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful . 
aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters . 
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . 
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera . . . more salacious telenovela than serious drama . 
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what's left of his passe' chopsocky glory . 
even with harris's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown . 
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin . 
whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout ? is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche . 
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 
 . . . a confusing drudgery . 
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears . 
costner's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier . 
it's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate . 
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut . 
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
robin williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role . 
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 
set in a 1986 harlem that doesn't look much like anywhere in new york . 
the chocolate factory without charlie . 
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame . 
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . 
a well-crafted letdown . 
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
deserving of its critical backlash and more . 
boring and meandering . 
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment . still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) . 
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his . 
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . 
it recycles every clich about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
i'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it doesn't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks . 
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor . 
many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of miami vice . 
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 
most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant . 
if you're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . personally , i'd rather watch them on the animal planet . 
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . 
feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum . 
all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 
the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
 . . . post-september 11 , " the sum of all fears " seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . 
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you'll find in this dreary mess . 
no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore . 
godard's ode to tackling life's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess . . . in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that's unfocused and tediously exasperating . 
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . 
the movie's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase 'fatal script error . '
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he isn't talking a talk that appeals to me . 
more tiring than anything . 
nelson's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . it's horribly depressing and not very well done . 
 . . . the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught . 
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 
isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that . 
overly long and worshipful bio-doc . 
i'll go out on a limb . it isn't quite one of the worst movies of the year . it's just merely very bad . 
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon . 
about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
everything about girls can't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way . 
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
less than fresh . 
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue . 
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious . 
meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull . 
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . 
a road trip that will get you thinking , 'are we there yet ? '
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ? 
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation . 
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten . 
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination . 
the movie is like scorsese's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old 'juvenile delinquent' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot . 
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long . nevertheless , it still seems endless . 
it isn't that stealing harvard is a horrible movieif only it were that grand a failure ! it's just that it's so not-at-all-good . and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch . 
dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy . 
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 
it's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman . 
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer's secondhand material . 
the script ? please . 
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . 
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . 
brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation . 
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas . 
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 
the truth about charlie is that it's a brazenly misguided project . 
caso voc sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do trmino da projeo , no se preocupe : ningum lhe enviar penas simbolizando covardia . 
displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . 
an awkward hybrid of genres that just doesn't work . 
the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe . 
ritchie's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller's polemical allegory , but it's self-defeatingly decorous . 
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . 
it's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . 
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense . 
even murphy's expert comic timing and famed charisma can't rescue this effort . 
rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight . 
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions . 
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . 
this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work . 
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just doesn't figure in the present hollywood program . 
a lame comedy . 
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
a movie that's held captive by mediocrity . not bad , but not all that good . bacon keeps things interesting , but don't go out of your way to pay full price . 
what's next ? rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ? david spade as citizen kane ? 
can't seem to get anywhere near the story's center . 
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay . 
it's a frankenstein-monster of a film that doesn't know what it wants to be . 
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc . , without the latter's imagination , visual charm or texture . 
i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . 
it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 
we get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle . 
summer's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this . 
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? into how long is this movie ? 
too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up . 
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence . 
it's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground . 
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . 
it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film . 
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism . 
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he can't disguise that he's spiffing up leftovers that aren't so substantial or fresh . 
this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one . 
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation . 
the fact that the 'best part' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme's good films doesn't bode well for the rest of it . 
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool's gold . 
the band performances featured in drumline are red hot . . . [but] from a mere story point of view , the film's ice cold . 
 . . . built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . 
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film . 
the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready . 
like a grinning jack o' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity . 
 . . . familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . reyes' word processor . 
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there's nothing here that they couldn't have done in half an hour . 
it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
a little objectivity could have gone a long way . 
one of the worst films of 2002 . 
i believe silberling had the best intentions here , but he just doesn't have the restraint to fully realize them . 
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood . 
mctiernan's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious . 
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government/ marine/legal mystery , and that's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue . 
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn . 
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people . . . manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility . 
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that's superficial and unrealized . 
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . 
the superior plotline isn't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other . 
the film doesn't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia . 
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design . 
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . 
'linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project . . . '
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai's vaunted empathy . 
screenwriter chris ver weil's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability . 
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
it's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . 
the star who helped give a spark to " chasing amy " and " changing lanes " falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer's new action film , " the sum of all fears . " 
a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here . 
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like 'masterpiece' and 'triumph' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers' time with a gobbler like this . 
[the film's] taste for " shock humor " will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers . 
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things . 
if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from anne rice's novel the vampire chronicles . 
hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares . 
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring . 
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content . 
it's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent electra rebellion . 
bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance . 
the camera whirls ! the camera twirls ! oh , look at that clever angle ! wow , a jump cut ! 
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . 
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos hadn't blown them all up . 
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing . 
far more enjoyable than its predecessor . 
[gayton's script] telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience . 
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre's definitive , if disingenuous , feature . 
a ragbag of cliches . 
this rough trade punch-and-judy act didn't play well then and it plays worse now . 
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge . 
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what's missing from this material is any depth of feeling . 
it's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling . 
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications . . . that have no bearing on the story . 
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
has its moments , but it's pretty far from a treasure . 
what more can be expected from a college comedy that's target audience hasn't graduated from junior high school ? 
collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly . 
the plan to make enough into an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a souffl gone wrong . 
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . 
you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor . 
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 
the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 
the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too . 
no , i don't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser . 
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs . sever . 
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 
we can't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire . 
there isn't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 
'wouldn't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it's like on the other side of the bra ? '
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments . 
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . 
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch . 
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong . . . it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera . 
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . 
every joke is repeated at least four times . every joke is repeated at least four times . every joke is repeated at least--annoying , isn't it ? 
comes across as a fairly weak retooling . 
the lousy lead performances . . . keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . 
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 
[creates] the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama . 
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . 
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding . 
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect . 
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald's , let alone some savvy street activism . 
[allen's] been making piffle for a long while , and hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now . 
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound . 
mildly amusing . 
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans . 
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it weren't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension . 
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen . 
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film's characters . 
fairly run-of-the-mill . 
merchant hasn't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage . 
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is . 
more a gunfest than a rock concert . 
it's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . 
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here . 
mildly entertaining . 
it's not original enough . 
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect . 
terrible . 
little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games . 
degenerates into hogwash . 
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive . 
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego doesn't always go hand in hand with talent . 
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled 'hip' , 'innovative' and 'realistic' . 
the story's pathetic and the gags are puerile . 
 . curiously , super troopers suffers because it doesn't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . 
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back . 
it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its " dead wife communicating from beyond the grave " framework is even remotely new or interesting . 
it's hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive . 
all too familiar . . . basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when 'angels with dirty faces' appeared in 1938 . 
passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house of life type of flick . strictly middle of the road . 
although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichs , depression and bad alternative music . 
no one can doubt the filmmakers' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive . 
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
 " feardotcom " has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker . 
a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation . 
well-meaning to a fault , antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man's triumph of will into everyman's romance comedy . 
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors . 
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip . 
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot hasn't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun . 
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . 
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [franois and michle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them . 
they presume their audience won't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes . 
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . 
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque . 
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters . 
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously . 
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies . enigma lacks it . 
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 
 . . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites . 
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour . 
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . 
in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . 
rather less than the sum of its underventilated pre-fils confrontations . 
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line . 
new yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell . . . 
amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . 
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it's also a failure of storytelling . 
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie . 
a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga . 
whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility . 
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . 
the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters . 
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . 
except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 
will no doubt delight plympton's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting . 
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung . 
for a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , what to do in case of fire ? lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking . 
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . but they lack their idol's energy and passion for detail . 
mattei so completely loses himself to the film's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 
it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - audience sadism -- is evaded completely . 
holland lets things peter out midway , but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . 
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words " radical " or " suck " into a sentence . 
there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle . 
it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't . 
dreary tale of middle-class angst
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either . 
[jackson and bledel] seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . 
lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else . 
like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 
[screenwriter] pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation . 
it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite . 
its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up . 
a decidedly mixed bag . 
meandering and confusing . 
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 
ice cube isn't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin . 
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending . 
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality . 
everything else about high crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented . 
just dreadful . i don't blame eddie murphy but shouldn't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ? 
sweet home alabama certainly won't be remembered as one of [witherspoon's] better films . 
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . and diesel isn't the actor to save it . 
bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda . 
 . . . a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet . 
frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes . 
how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ? 
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . 
handled correctly , wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked souffl . 
 " sorority boys " was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . 
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 . 
it's a gag that's worn a bit thin over the years , though don't ask still finds a few chuckles . 
an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original . 
often likable , but just as often it's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . 
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire . 
elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 
showtime isn't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again . 
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams . 
this tuxedo . . . should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . 
i have no problem with " difficult " movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out . but first , you have to give the audience a reason to <b>want</b> to put for that effort , and " i
been there , done that . . . a thousand times already , and better . 
what's most offensive isn't the waste of a good cast , but the film's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism . 
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness . 
fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . 
barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality . 
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics . 
'punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you'd want to smash its face in . '
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance . 
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls . 
while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation . 
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics . 
what's the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ? well , it's not as pathetic as the animal . 
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
what 'blade runner' would've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel . 
doesn't add up to much . 
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release . 
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 
loud , silly , stupid and pointless . 
mandel holland's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning . you'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie . 
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . 
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ? 
crummy
seriously , rent the disney version . 
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to . 
 " abandon " will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on . 
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . 
a loquacious and dreary piece of business . 
what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean . 
director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent should serve detention
dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery . 
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation . 
i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 
while serving sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza , there's nothing here to match that movie's intermittent moments of inspiration . 
i'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r . nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen . 
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow . 
whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors . 
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 
the irwins' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts . 
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan . he may have meant the internet short saving ryan's privates . but windtalkers doesn't beat that one , either . 
may puzzle his most ardent fans . 
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill . 
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity . 
those unfamiliar with mormon traditions may find the singles ward occasionally bewildering . 
ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna . 
the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long . 
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form . 
while you have to admit it's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out " when you're a jet , you're a jet all the way , " it's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to " tonight . " 
an opportunity missed . 
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years . 
' . . . the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well . . . but quite frankly , scoob and shag don't eat enough during the film . '
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . 
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen . 
[johnnie to and wai ka fai are] sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . 
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one . 
it's as sorry a mess as its director's diabolical debut , mad cows . 
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy's sledgehammer sap . 
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela . 
this is a picture that maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool . 
feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class . 
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . vulgar is too optimistic a title . 
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change . 
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . 
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
a bad movie that happened to good actors . 
wishy-washy . 
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite . 
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . 
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies . 
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 
rarely has a film's title served such dire warning . 
if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment . 
the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting . 
mr . wollter and ms . seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear . 
shafer's feature doesn't offer much in terms of plot or acting . 
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
[t]he ideas of revolution #9 are more compelling than the execution
the film didn't convince me that calvin jr . 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago's south side . 
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ? 
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire . 
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place . 
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling . 
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 
all the small moments and flashbacks don't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition . 
[a] stale retread of the '53 original . 
one thing's for sureif george romero had directed this movie , it wouldn't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head . 
for dance completists only . 
one of the worst movies of the year . 
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
it wouldn't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny . 
the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand . 
yo , it's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo . 
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic . 
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere . 
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it can't really be called animation . 
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours . 
hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . 
real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . 
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away . 
low comedy doesn't come much lower . 
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , #9 never quite ignites . 
it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins . 
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once . 
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 
let's face it -- there aren't many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they're not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears . 
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy . 
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 
insufferably naive . 
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory . 
the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 
maid in manhattan proves that it's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies . 
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
i can't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail . 
ill-considered , unholy hokum . 
amazingly lame . 
 . . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 
like most of jaglom's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand . 
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before . 
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie . 
the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video . 
 . . . about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season . 
the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment . . . simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . 
it's not too fast and not too slow . it's not too racy and it's not too offensive . it's not too much of anything . 
the great pity is that those responsible didn't cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home . 
about as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life . 
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal . 
we could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product . 
instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics . 
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable . 
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't . 
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 
grant isn't cary and bullock isn't katherine . 
like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom . 
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 
i'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back . 
the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult . 
a movie to forget
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time . 
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody . 
it looks good , but it is essentially empty . 
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long . 
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run . 
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest . 
a complete waste of time . 
it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ? 
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . 
tennessee williams by way of oprah's book club . 
so verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-tv movie . 
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 
stale and clichd to a fault . 
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own . 
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard . 
the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids . 
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner . 
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . 
unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and woo's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie's heart . 
witless and utterly pointless . 
when 'science fiction' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience hasn't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 
show me the mugging . 
represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller/horror genre . 
visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying . 
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 
a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it . 
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away . 
with a " spy kids " sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a " snl " has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 
it's just rather leaden and dull . 
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago . 
'pocas ideas interesantes , un final pseudo mstico que no corresponde al tono general del filme y que deja una sensacin de inconformidad que hace pensar ms de una vez si vale la pena ir a la taquilla y reclamar el precio del boleto . '
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british . 
instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience . 
de ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter . 
dismally dull sci-fi comedy . 
there's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits . 
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . 
[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material . 
adam sandler's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . 
essentially " fatal attraction " remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . . . . this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along . . . 
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
the film's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence . 
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy . 
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . i can't . 
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock . 
a movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story . 
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is . 
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie's rude and crude humor . 
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ? is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing . 
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar . 
 . . . a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them . 
its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure . 
at times , it actually hurts to watch . 
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . 
[tries] to parody a genre that's already a joke in the united states . the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . 
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
long before it's over , you'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 
i've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra's classic . . . 
hollywood's answer to an air ball . 
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls</> . 
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 
a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much . 
i'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . 
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal . 
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has- been-told-a- thousand-times- before movie . 
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 
there's some outrageously creative action in the transporter . . . [b]ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 
one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way . 
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 
yet another genre exercise , gangster no . 1 is as generic as its title . 
despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . . 
there's an admirable rigor to jimmy's relentless anger , and to the script's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there's no place for this story to go but down . 
once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle . 
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures . 
[a] slummer . 
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution . 
[allen's] best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be . 
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month's end , is tepid and tedious . 
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . 
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic . 
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture . 
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip . 
does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon . 
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 
the film's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9/11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind . 
it's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film's shooting schedule waiting to scream : " got aids yet ? " 
in a strange way , egoyan has done too much . he's worked too hard on this movie . 
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 
the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others' affections . 
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
[a] poorly executed comedy . 
the movie's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichd and too often strains credulity . 
what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few . 
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing . 
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there's no indication that he's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit . 
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least . 
it's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself . 
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita . 
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . 
there's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . 
it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag . 
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it's insanely violent and very graphic . 
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it . 
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make trouble every day any better . 
this is the first film i've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved . 
fans of so-bad-they're-good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess . 
weiss and speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes . 
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who doesn't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable . 
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ? 
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 
it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring . 
you . . . get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 
'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn . 
the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . 
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing . 
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times . 
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess . 
a pint-sized 'goodfellas' designed to appeal to the younger set , it's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one's interest . 
get out your pooper-scoopers . 
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think . 
it's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler's comic taste may find it uninteresting . 
sheridan seems terrified of the book's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its lan , humor , bile , and irony . 
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . 
there are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film . it's makes a better travelogue than movie . 
 . . . really horrible drek . 
it's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , couldn't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped em together here . 
the fourth in a series that i'll bet most parents had thought --hoped ! -- was a fad that had long since vanished . 
it's a long way from orwell's dark , intelligent warning cry [1984] to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation . 
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary . 
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs . the snowman leaves a lot to be desired . 
more precious than perspicacious
if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
[t]he script isn't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent . 
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . 
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes . 
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . 
while there's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo's dumbed-down tactics ) , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 
it's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick . 
most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for shearer's radio show and his simpson voice-overs . 
perry's good and his is an interesting character , but " serving sara " hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff . nor is it a romantic comedy . 
culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf . 
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual . 
it's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good . 
in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . right now , they're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 
an intriguing near-miss . 
the movie's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . 
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior . . . circuit gets drawn into the party . 
it appears as if even the filmmakers didn't know what kind of movie they were making . 
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 
snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good . 
piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion . 
nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . 
it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] first film something of a sleeper success . 
the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone . 
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . 
all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise . 
green ruins every single scene he's in , and the film , while it's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that . 
there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling . 
wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach . 
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 
poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . 
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws . 
unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . 
an empty , purposeless exercise . 
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock . 
haneke's script ( from elfriede jelinek's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . 
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama . 
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . 
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes . 
ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with . 
ah-nuld's action hero days might be over . 
it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf . 
feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women . 
when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up . 
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 
hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud . 
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets . 
the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept . 
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . 
a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration . 
davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that doesn't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine . 
the densest distillation of roberts' movies ever made . 
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy clich of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms . paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . 
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . 
tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 . 
 ( it ) highlights not so much the crime lord's messianic bent , but spacey's . 
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours . 
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it's nowhere near as exciting as either . 
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness . 
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative . 
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austen--and a hollywood-ized austen at that . 
tykwer's surface flash isn't just a poor fit with kieslowski's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski's work aspired to , including the condition of art . 
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility . 
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a 'back story . '
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent . 
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay . 
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is [cattaneo] sophomore slump . 
 sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap . 
you expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup . 
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
replacing john carpenter's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . of all the halloween's , this is the most visually unappealing . 
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
 . . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . 
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . 
it's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from . 
flat , misguided comedy . 
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy . 
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds . 
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing . 
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina . 
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate . 
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters' decisions only unsatisfactorily . 
bang ! zoom ! it's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places . 
lurid and less than lucid work . 
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 
at a brief 42 minutes , we need more x and less blab . 
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick . 
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story . 
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea isn't funny . 
a porn film without the sex scenes . 
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 
return to never land is much more p . c . than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing . 
by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please ! 
while it's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 
broder's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs . 
yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through . 
don michael paul uses quick-cuts , ( very ) large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double ( for seagal ) . 
slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious . 
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste . 
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash . 
a thriller without a lot of thrills . 
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 
ah , the travails of metropolitan life ! alas , another breathless movie about same ! 
in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle . 
though uniformly well acted , especially by young ballesta and galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director achero manas's film is schematic and obvious . 
done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment . 
despite its visual virtuosity , 'naqoyqatsi' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 
slap her - she's not funny ! no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half . 
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 
 " one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? " um . . isn't that the basis for the entire plot ? 
 " not really as bad as you might think ! " 
strident and inelegant in its 'message-movie' posturing . 
one regards reign of fire with awe . what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea . 
it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material . 
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy . 
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish . 
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it . 
ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . 
it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time . . . . most viewers will wish there had been more of the " queen " and less of the " damned . " 
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired . 
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . 
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it . 
none of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of bond , but much of it is good for a laugh . the problem with " xxx " is that its own action isn't very effective . 
a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake . 
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it's the butt of its own joke . 
director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash . 
in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz . 
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy . 
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis's wall of kitsch hard going . 
according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it . fortunately , you still have that option . 
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment . 
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . 
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago . . . 
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally . 
this u-boat doesn't have a captain . 
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , [crane] becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report . 
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . 
dull , a road-trip movie that's surprisingly short of both adventure and song . 
i walked away not really know who " they " were , what " they " looked like . why " they " were here and what " they " wanted and quite honestly , i didn't care . 
predictably melodramatic . 
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 
a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale . 
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they won't enjoy the movie at all . 
 . . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle's carpets . 
it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another . 
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you . 
the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test . 
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . 
 . . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic . 
the movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself . 
the master of disguise is awful . it's pauly shore awful . don't say you weren't warned . 
disappointing in comparison to other recent war moviesor any other john woo flick for that matter . 
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments . 
'opening up' the play more has partly closed it down . 
what [frei] gives us . . . is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows . 
an ugly , revolting movie . 
the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i can't remember a single name responsible for it . 
watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack . 
a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life . 
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them . 
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality . 
supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy . alas , getting there is not even half the interest . 
while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere . 
the smash 'em-up , crash 'em-up , shoot 'em-up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense . 
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going . 
hart's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently can't quite decide which character . 
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . 
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
the film is all over the place , really . it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . 
the beautiful , unusual music is this film's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep . 
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . 
when [reno] lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go . 
burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 
'es en verdad una pena que mandoki est realizando cintas tan malas desde hace algn tiempo , pues talento tiene , pero quin sabe dnde lo tiene escondido . '
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke- at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting . 
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story wouldn't work without all those gimmicks . 
it's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . and it's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . 
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke's artistic aspirations , but he hasn't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul . 
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind--maybe too much . 
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . 
exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan's platinum-blonde hair . 
the movie's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . it doesn't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . 
all mood and no movie . 
press the delete key . 
simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say . 
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 
 . . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then . 
there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter . 
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck . 
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . 
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly -as-nasty -as-it- thinks-it-is joke . over and over again . 
the threat implied in the title pokmon 4ever is terrifying  like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . 
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . 
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it . 
entertainment more disposable than hanna-barbera's half-hour cartoons ever were . 
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter . it's not an easy one to review . 
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . but it would be better to wait for the video . and a very rainy day . 
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly . 
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
wouldn't it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii ? um , no . but here's a movie about it anyway . 
has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups . 
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end . 
mushes the college-friends genre ( the big chill ) together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas . 
showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro . 
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really doesn't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird . 
too daft by half . . . but supremely good natured . 
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
woody , what happened ? 
juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 
it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success . . . but neglects to add the magic that made it all work . 
routine and rather silly . 
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after [seagal's] earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat . 
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time . 
you can practically hear george orwell turning over . 
behan's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance . 
while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise . 
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j . 
a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire . 
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
more trifle than triumph . 
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . 
festers in just such a dungpile that you'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you . 
lyne's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out . 
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
report card : doesn't live up to the exalted tagline - there's definite room for improvement . doesn't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) . 
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated . 
as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 
 . . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags . 
bean drops the ball too many times . . . hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay . 
a well-acted , but one-note film . 
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood's dirty harry period . 
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications . 
[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 
there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
one of the worst movies of the year . . . . watching it was painful . 
a era do gelo diverte , mas no convence .  um passatempo descompromissado  e s . 
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script . 
it's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise . 
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here . 
the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment . 
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner . 
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 
we started to wonder if  some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine . 
even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash . 
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat . 
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . 
marinated in clichs and mawkish dialogue . 
whether it's the worst movie of 2002 , i can't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears . but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . 
[a] boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . 
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of 'eh . '
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine . 
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it . we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low . 
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull . 
suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling . 
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining . 
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters . 
with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? when the twist endings were actually surprising ? when the violence actually shocked ? when the heroes were actually under 40 ? sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . 
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky " pretty woman " retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . 
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . 
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . in other words , it's badder than bad . 
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . 
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr . chicken . 
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . 
where the film falters is in its tone . 
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 
ultimately , sarah's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . 
it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up . 
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . 
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
an enigmatic film that's too clever for its own good , it's a conundrum not worth solving . 
a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale . 
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted . 
it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that . 
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either . 
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 
the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel . 
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichs the filmmakers could dredge up . 
nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget . 
it takes you somewhere you're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it's surprisingly old-fashioned . 
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 
a good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance . 
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 
if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and clich . 
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . 
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . 
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ? 
`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so . 
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . 
it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past . 
does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring . 
don't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it's anti-catholic . hate it because it's lousy . 
 . . . better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they're struggling to create . 
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l . a . to that end , they mock the kind of folks they don't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers don't care to understand , either . 
competently directed but terminally cute drama . 
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing . 
not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
this thing is virtually unwatchable . 
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time . feel free to go get popcorn whenever he's not onscreen . 
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , isn't much fun without the highs and lows . 
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way . 
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused . 
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies . 
the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence . 
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . 
spy-vs . -spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . 
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie . 
the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits . 
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it's an unhappy situation all around . 
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection . 
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue . . . accentuating , rather than muting , the plot's saccharine thrust . 
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he's already done way too often . 
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool " clockstoppers , " but that doesn't mean it still won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . 
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production doesn't work for me . 
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 . 
has none of the crackle of " fatal attraction " , " 9  weeks " , or even " indecent proposal " , and feels more like lyne's stolid remake of " lolita " . 
everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line . 
an extraordinarily silly thriller . 
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade . 
gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth . 
talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 
the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of [godard's] vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . 
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
the movie isn't painfully bad , something to be 'fully experienced' ; it's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten . 
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted . 
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . 
the film . . . presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . 
 . . . for all its social and political potential , state property doesn't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't . 
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . 
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
this off-putting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amlie . 
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem . 
the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a can't-miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong . 
koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ? 
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy . 
the drama discloses almost nothing . 
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard . 
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . 
there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down . and that should tell you everything you need to know about all the queen's men . 
even fans of ismail merchant's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one . 
it's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows . 
it's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one . 
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . but it doesn't need gangs of new york . 
enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts . . . what is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with cage's best acting . 
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one . 
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard . 
[lin chung's] voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters . 
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen . 
though there's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish . 
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you . 
it should be doing a lot of things , but doesn't . 
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book . 
 . . . a rather bland affair . 
far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy . 
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither . 
harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad . 
all the queen's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers . 
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . 
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naf's encounter with the world . 
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . 
it's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it's all about the silences and if you're into that , have at it . 
i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles . 
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . we don't even like their characters . 
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck . 
the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . 
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . 
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 
the premise itself is just sooooo tired . pair that with really poor comedic writing . . . and you've got a huge mess . 
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness . 
did we really need a remake of " charade ? " 
some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff . stealing harvard can't even do that much . each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 
i spied with my little eye . . . a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel . 
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying . 
bearable . barely . 
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . 
an " o bruin , where art thou ? " -style cross-country adventure . . . it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . 
a feeble tootsie knockoff . 
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . 
the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary . 
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message . 
a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages . 
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . 
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick . 
[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . 
 . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch . 
you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 
a technically well-made suspenser . . . but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide . 
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 
it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying . 
eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring . 
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof . 
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 
you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 
'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls . 
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation . 
veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda . 
staggeringly dreadful romance . 
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . how about surprising us by trying something new ? 
final verdict : you've seen it all before . 
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 
if a few good men told us that we " can't handle the truth " than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we " don't care about the truth . " 
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap . 
you'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . 
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things . 
a full-frontal attack on audience patience . 
any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors . 
it's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled . 
debut effort by " project greenlight " winner is sappy and amateurish . 
one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . too bad none of it is funny . 
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
the film , like jimmy's routines , could use a few good laughs . 
the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies . 
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
 . . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . 
though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected . 
well-made but mush-hearted . 
humor in i spy is so anemic . 
the film is strictly routine . 
a real snooze . 
skillful as he is , mr . shyamalan is undone by his pretensions . 
while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier . 
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs . sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 
it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between . 
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but i've got to give it thumbs down . 
you cannot guess why the cast and crew didn't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed . 
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull . 
if you're really renting this you're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you're interested in anne geddes , john grisham , and thomas kincaid . 
we get the comedy we settle for . 
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . 
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning . 
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . and neither do cliches , no matter how 'inside' they are . 
the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists . 
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork . 
cherish would've worked a lot better had it been a short film . 
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new . 
hey arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett's story is appealing . 
true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . 
doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . 
the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
kaufman's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious . 
the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due . 
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush . 
any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 
 . . . blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . 
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . 
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian . 
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core . 
no surprises . 
you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal . 
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there's very little hustling on view . 
this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 
the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . " 
it's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin' out loud . if that doesn't clue you in that something's horribly wrong , nothing will . 
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 
it's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 . 
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
as pedestrian as they come . 
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 
it's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . 
put it somewhere between sling blade and south of heaven , west of hell in the pantheon of billy bob's body of work . 
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving . 
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle . 
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here . 
as saccharine as it is disposable . 
you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . 
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery . 
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
too much power , not enough puff . 
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show . 
it's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor's cartoonish performance and the film's ill-considered notion that hitler's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances . 
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
muddled , trashy and incompetent
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 
narc is all menace and atmosphere . 
though excessively tiresome , the uncertainty principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore . 
despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
it's tough to be startled when you're almost dozing . 
his [nelson's] screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it . 
it's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead . 
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving . 
there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them . 
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster's path of destruction . 
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie . 
enigma is well-made , but it's just too dry and too placid . 
