great for beginner or experienced person. Bought as a gift and she loves it
This amazon fire 8 inch tablet is the perfect size. I purchased it for my husband so that he has a bigger screen than just his phone. He had gotten me one a few years ago so I knew it would be a good purchase.
I gave this as a Christmas gift to my inlaws, husband and uncle. They loved it and how easy they are to use with fantastic features!
Great as a device to read books. I like that it links with my borrowed library e-books. Switched from another popular tablet brand and I am happy with the choice I made. It took some time to get books from my previous non-Kindle reader, but finally figured out a way!
I love ordering books and reading them with the reader.
Got it as a present and love the size of the screen
The kindle is easiest to use, graphics and screen crisp, clear, brilliant colors.
Love love love my kindle fire 8.....this is what my 9 yr old granddaughter said when I bought this for her at Christmas..we have purchased kindled in the past but this one has been the best....love the fact that you can now use a memory card in it...that helps so much when you use it for books...games...music and viedos...thanks
Excellent tablet with nice screen. I wish Amazon would pre install the play store, this would have been perfect.
Preloaded with the reading app from Kindle but expandable with other apps. Perfect for travel. Carry your library, games and productivity apps in a small footprint.
Very happy with this product and easy to use..picture is clear, takes great pictures..
My grandchildren are home schooled and utilize the tables for many learning apps! They LOVE using them as it makes them feel "so grown up"! The tablets are a great leaning tool and they are receiving many benefits from them!
Great size, easy to carry for traveling. Need to spend more time Looking into apps for contact manegement, interactive calenders and most important, music storage and use.
The visual quality on the Fire 8 HD is amazing. It runs very fast and is easy to use, very durable.
I love everything about this tablet! The imaging is sharp and clear. It's fast and light weight. Love it!
My children love this table great quality of pictures, excellent camera
Great tablet fast screen good size never gives me problem
It's fast and easy to use. This is my second kindle fire .
For the money you cannot beat this tablet. Full of features, picture quality is great, and very fast speed while using the internet.
Easy to use, solid build, sharp HP screen for movies. Who needs more?
Tablet is perfect for beginners who just want basic
this is my first tablet .. love it .. actually read my first e-book on it .. large screen, easy to read & play games .. fits nicely in my purse
Sleek packaging easy set up and great for anyone who wants a e reader with more to offer.
Best and most affordable option of all the Kindle devices available.
I did not want to get a new kindle but my old one would not charge or show a charge anymore. I could not depend on it for any length of time so I finally broke down and bought a new one. I am very happy with this one. I was afraid I would lose my music and photos since not all came from the Amazon store. However, everything I had on the old kindle transferred to the new one. I am still learning all about it but so far so good.
My daughter likes this tablet to play her online games!
Easy to use. As a beginner I found this pad very good. Enjoy the kindle app.
this is a great tablet for the price. my kid loves it ,does alot reading on it.
Great tablet for the price. It is easy to navigate.
This is a wonderful device. I love the extra capabilities and apps.
I am very happy with this tablet. The worst thing is that my steals it all the time. Lol
Really enjoyed the price value of this tablet versus ipad
Amazing tablet with fast processor. It looks great... got good deal
We got this for our 5 year old and this is really great for the price. Works like a charm!!
I find it easy to use, but the kindle does not come with instructions, so you have to find your way around.
I love this tablet. The battery life last a long time. I use my Amazon Kindle Fire predominately for watching movies on Amazon Prime, Netflix's, and checking my emails. I also carry it to my appointments and meetings. It is a compact tablet, and not big and bulky. The playback of the movies are great, and the movies are HD. Great little tablet if you are looking for something to watch movies and checking emails. I would definitely recommend this tablet to friends and family members.
My daughter loves this kindle, she does so much with it,well worth the money.
Was looking for a tablet that was highly portable & could run my DIRECTTV app & stream videos. (Other electronics I have are much older versions). Salesman recommended this model to me based on personal experience. I am still learning all its functions but so far it seems easy to use & is doing what it promised to do.
My wife bought this for me for my birthday. I enjoy reading biographys which usually have color photos. The regular Kindle make the pics black and white or they're aren't any. This allows me to see the color photos. I also love the night feature when I'm in bed reading. I no longer need a light on to read or need to hold a large book.
Very easy to use tablet. Lots of apps and game available.
We love the FreeTime settings for kids on the newer Kindle Fires. I was able to create a login for each of our kids as well as myself and set limits to the amount of device time they are allowed daily (can set to more for weekends if desired). You can set the age restrictions for content also, to avoid inappropriate ads, etc. Once you've downloaded apps, you can choose which ones you want each child to have access to in their profile settings, so if one child is older you can allow them access to something their younger siblings shouldn't have. Basically, I like that I can set their access rights and know they're safe so I don't have to continually monitor every moment. By the way, FreeTime kids settings are available without having to subscribe to their FreeTime app access plan. :)
Purchased as a door prize gift given with a one year Amazon membership. The recipient loves it and says it performs very well. (As a past Amazon Fire user, now i-Pad graduate, I loved my Amazon Fire for more than 4 years without any problems. In fact, I just recycled it on to my son and it runs like a champ).
I have 4 other kinds of tables. This the best I have had. I can listen to music, read a book, listen to a book, or watch movies/tv shows.
Great product for the kids gaming apps parental controls to make sure you can monitor kids and prevent unwanted app purchases
I purchased 2 of these tablets for my 6 and 8 year old. They were a Black Friday special for $59. They are perfect for the apps and games they wanted.
Needed something a bit larger than the 6+ to stream Netflix, this was perfect!
my husband bought this for me as a Christmas present. I couldn't understand why he bought it because I already have a Kindle Fire.Once I opened it and got it going, I loved all it could do plus the graphic is so much colorful than my older Kindle.
Easy to use, responds quickly, great screen brightness.
I am a prime member & I love this tablet. Very user friendly especially if you are a prime member with amazon. Not real tech savvy so I need all the help I can get to keep things simple & automatic. Great clarity of picture/data. Have a 10" tablet and wasn't sure about downgrading size (old eyes) but was delighted to see it works fine at 8" instead of 10". Also, easier to take around in the smaller size. Highly recommend especially if you subscribe to Amazon and are a prime member. Great benefits!!
Daughter got this as a present. It was easy to set up and display is great. Features allow us to limit her time on games, web, etc. while allowing her unlimited time to read
I have enjoyed just learning how to use it. You're never too old to learn new things.
This was a birthday present and it was ideal for a traveler to read ebooks on while on the rood
My teenage daughter enjoyed her three year old 7" Kindle for recreation but wanted a larger screen for word processing. Paired this with a Bluetooth keyboard and she was thrilled.
my kids enjoy the Fire HD and they love the picture quality
Really like the updates this product has in comparison to my first one
Functionality and ease of use are outstanding right out of the the box. Super clear screen and weight is minimum and is a joy to use.
This tablet is great for kids and adults who have little to no knowledge of computers. It handles easily and has plenty of storage
The latest Amazon 8" HD tablet is a very good tablet for the price. The updated processor and extra memory (with expansion slot) allow for very good performance on all that we use this tablet for. Netflix, Hulu, browsing the internet, and doing e-mails all work very smoothly. Would recommend to anyone looking for a very cost effective tablet
totally worth the money, has all the apps I use on a daily basis!
I use mine mainly for its bigger screen. I do all the same things i do on my phone..but love the big screen. I bought one for eaxh of my nieces too. And they both love theres. Making videos..playing music..reading books. They bith love them! Im happy i got them for all of us. And always reccomend them to my friends for their kids too.
My kids can play, read, watch movies and much more love it!!!
I love this Kindle!! I am biased I think however I have had 3 previous ones I prefer Kindles to any other tablet
This Tablet was purchased for our Grandmother so she could play games and read books on.
Bought a few of these for Christmas gifts .Everyone is happy !Its a great device for the $$. Low price, and great quality as always from FIRE devices.
Has many educational apps I would definitely go into the settings if you're a mother like me who Is a very strict of what your children watch on TV or what games and apps they download I would definitely recommend setting the parental controls before giving it to them. In my personal opinion as a mother I feel it helps by setting the restrictions/content on It helps keep their mind away from the gutter Bcuz most apps and Internet websites have inappropriate sites children should not be watching. We can't control what they put on the Internet but we can control what our children watch and download they stay very occupied on educational apps ,read books most of these apps are free to I also recommend NOT putting a payment method option other than that my kids loved it
Very nice for light internet browsing, keeping on top of email, viewing videos, and reading e books, which I like to get free from the library. Good browser, good battery power, fast charge. Very relaxing to sit in a comfy chair and read or browse. Has given me hours of enjoyment and information for a minimal price.
I bought this for my wife to replace her old Kindle and she loves it. Much easier to read than an iPad and updated features make it a great purchase.
Great tablet and price. Ordering online easy. Not happy took so long to receive though.
Best tablet, good price, nice looking. Ordering on line was easy.
This is my fourth Kindle...upgrading each time. Mine goes everywhere with me and is used throughout the day. Wouldn't be without it.
We bought this for our son when he went to college. He is able to upload all of his books and other documents.
The Amazon Fire is amazing! Picture clarity and sound are excellent! I highly recommend this tablet! Love it!
Sharp picture and easy to use. And a fantastic price
This a great tablet for everyone. Plenty of memory for downloading. Great features all around.
This is a step up from what my son was using. He said it does well and easy to use.
I bought this for my 6 year old and it's perfect. Faster & clearer than older versions.
Awesome good size large enough for games and photos
Great gift easy to use and she loves being able to take it anywhere
I bought this to replace the 7 inch version I lost in the airport. I wanted the bigger screen and the higher resolutions. It is much when loading games in offline mode as well as videos I have downloaded from Amazon Prime to play on the plane when wifi is not available. That was a plus for me. And now that the updated Netflix app allows the same thing, I have plenty of videos. I can also play my .mp4 videos using VLC player that I load to a microSD card. Of course you have wifi and Bluetooth so great for surfing try he net or listening to music. The 8 in screen is perfect for lying in bed and watching my show. I highly recommend this.
Intuitive user interface, rapid online access through well designed features, light weight, ergonomic buttons for volume and power. Overall a thoroughly well designed, excellent priced device for web browsing and social media.
great device for the price. good looking screen, quick and efficient. amazon app store isn't that bad either
This is a superb tablet for the price. It doesn't come with the Android operating system. It has Amazon's operating system. The battery last a good long time and apps run very fast. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a tablet.
My daughter love her new tablet, I use for a few days and it's pretty good
So very happy with the new kindle ! I highly recommend this product !
It may be cheap but this is a great tablet and works awesome.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my son. Very easy to use.
I am an Amazon Fan. Ive only had Amazon tablets so I cant compare them with any other brand. But, Amazon has great customer service, a lot of great apps. The HD 8 is a great tablet for watching movies, most games, and social media. Its not as good as the Kindle fire hdx. The speakers arent as good, the hdx has more of a surround sound, but the hd 8 is less expensive, has a place for a sims card for extra space, and has an ok front and rear facing camera. Overall its a great tablet for a great price.
Got this tablet for Black Friday. Wow, 16 gigs, great screen, expandable memory, what a deal. Tablet is a must have for Amazon Prime members. It unlocks the door for all those great Prime perks; books, shows, and shopping. Pairs to Alexa. Great screen for books! Buy it already!
I love the size and portability of this. Keeps me in touch and having fun.
For a cheaper price this does more than my kindle- love having this tablet
I bought 2 of the kindles for my grandsons. They love them! Had them charged and set up right away. No issues at this point.
Great gift for my dad. Clear picture and easy set up
I have never owned a tablet. Wanted an I-Pad like most, but couldn't afford the sticker price. This one fit my needs perfect. I mainly just use it for web surfing and streaming video. No complaints so far! I would recommend this device.
also great for listening to music and also for movies
The screen picture is crisp and bright. I will use this tablet for many things.
small and powerful... great adult toy for a reader
This was purchased as a Christmas present for my aunt who lives with us. For the price, I thought it would be a good option for her since she doesn't want to drop the cash on an iPad.For comparison, the closest thing I have is an 8" insignia tablet with similar screen resolution, storage, and features that was released at the same time. The Fire tablet impresses me! It is more responsive than the existing android tablet I have.This tablet runs FireOS which is Amazon's customized version of Android. Typically I do not like custom Android, preferring to have as close to a vanilla system as possible. I am not bothered by that with the Fire. If you need them the parental controls are second to none! The Amazon app store is extensive, although not as extensive as the Google Play store. Still you should be able to find pretty much everything you need there.This is not a flagship device, but performs incredibly for the price. I will most likely be purchasing one soon for myself.
Great tablet for reading and also surfacing the web, along with your favorite social media apps!
Great for reading - nice image, easy on the eyes and lightweight.
Bought this for my 10 year old daughter for Christmas! She LOVES it!!! A great alternative to a pricey iPad Mini!!! She uses it for watching Netflix, YouTube and we use it for homeschool. We are very happy with our purchase!!!
We love Kindle Fire, we purchase it for an older couple and it's easy to work.
The Amazon Fire is a great tablet with awesome graphics. I use it mainly for surfing the web and have had no issues with it.
Great tablet for the price. My granddaughter loves how user friendly it is.
got this for my nieces aged 6-13 they loved it and so did their parents really keeps them occupied
This was a gift for mom. She enjoys that it's easy to use and has good picture and sound quality. The price was also great
The Amazon fire is simply amazing I would not buy anything else.
I love my Kindle. I won't be without one. I've even bought an extra one, just in case. I believe it's the best tablet on the market.
It was a perfect gift for my godson. He loved it! Definitely would recommend this product.
This was a request from our 7 yr old granddaugter who had always asked her older sister if she could share hers due to we bought this same tablet/size a few yrs earlier. Loved the security/parental control options.Starfall a favorite educational app were told is a must have. Really enjoy Pics/Viber due to their in a different state. Also some games on a time limit. Size and resolution are perfect.
I bought this as a Christmas present for my sister and she LOVES it. It's easy to use, lightweight and doesn't seem to have a lot of bugs or glitches. It's a good source of entertainment for when she's at work but has down-time. She passes the time reading ebooks, browsing the web and playing games.
Easy to use tablet for every day use. Additional apps can help increase productivity for work and daily use.
Bought this tablet for my fiancée daughter, after getting it home and set up, I decided to keep it for myself. Great screen and works great with my pair of Amazon echos. I love it and highly recommend it.
This is my first Amazon e-reader-tablet and the second e-reader I have. It is easy to use once you get through the initial hoops. I like the free games and the fact that I new can load books from my computer to the tablet. And one thing, I am not in the market for a tablet but for a bigger e-reader. It is a lot better than the Nook that I have. I love this product
I have Bought several versions of this tablet for my kids over the years and have been ever impressed with it. I first got one for my son, the my oldest daughter to replace her children's tablet, which was worthless, this tablet gives you everything you could want and allows you to control what your kids access on it and even lets you see what they download onto it. if you want to set a time when it shuts off at night you can, when they can play games or use Netflixs you can...great product!
The fire is great. The size is really nice. Not to big. The clarity is really good.
Great entry level tablet for kids or anyone that will not be heavily using a tablet. The 16 GB, is too small but can add an SD card. Beware only comes with 6GB of the 16 for your apps. Comes with bunch of preloaded Amazon apps.
This tablet is great. I loved the color and all the features it has. I will be buying more for my daughters. Great purchase
It's a excellent tablet for my kid she downloaded games and watch cartoons
Excellent ratio quality price. Lightweight. Good resolution and easy to use.
After long review decided to buy the Fire Tablet as a gift for a great frienday. She loves it! It's the perfect size and has all the features she was looking for in a tablet. Happy Birthday!
The Fire is an excellent table for many basic tasks.
I was looking for something to read on and this fit the bill for the right price.Great screen clarity, good adjustment too. Works well and the battery life is great. Size is nice too. Big enough for 1 hand if needed.
This is a great tablet for books, games and web browsing. It is very user friendly, -and I would definitely recommend this product!
I wasn't really expecting much, however I was pleasantly surprised.It feels solid, responsive, screen is good.For the price its a bargain!!
I like this ipads for my baby and me too,special and super ok thanks byee
I found it to be very versatile and enjoyable benefiting from a touch screen.
Ipad killer! A fierce tablet at a convinient price!
This tablet is exactly what I was looking for to take on trips. The kids can watch their movies and videos, or I can read from my kindle library. Perfect size.
I bought this as a gift for my son and I know he will love it he has the old kindle fire as likes it a lot
Works great and is fast. Great for reading and internet use
blueray is just twhat I was I was looking for great for watching movies thank you
Love best buy and I shop at Best Buy I always buy my TV for me and my kids I buy my kids tablets at Best Buy Love Best Buy
Got this for my mom for her birthday, and she absolutely loves it. Great tablet for the price point, good tablet overall.
I love all of them. I would recommend going to Best Buy and buying a kindle fire before they are sold out!
I absolutely love my kindle 8! Great picture, storage & sound. Can't live without my kindle!
Love my mine! Works great with prime! And I have all my best movies!
Got two for my mom's and they love it. So many great features!!!
this tablet is awesome. the fact that I can use a micro sd card to have more memory and can listen to my content on the card is great. the additional screen size is what I wanted and it has not disappointed. this was a great purchase!!!
I'm very happy with my Kindle Fire. Beyond being able to read books, it does all sorts of things and is able to download a huge variety of apps. It also holds a charge very long. The size is perfect and portable, yet the screen is much larger than a smartphone, which I love. I would definitely recommend this tablet to others!
The Amazon Fire HD 8 is an awesome device. THE PRICE OF THIS TABLET IS MIND BOGGLING!! This tablet has everything you would expect and want in a tablet and more. It has Amazon Store and Amazon Prime preloaded. It's so much fun and so easy to use. THE PERFORMANCE OF THIS TABLET IS UNBELIEVABLE. You never stop thinking about the modest price you paid for such a fantastic tablet. It feels comfortable in your hands. The design is nice. The size is adequate for all tablet use. You can expand the memory storage of this device an additional 240GB. Can you believe it? Outstanding!!
Bought as a Christmas present. Son uses it to watch youtube and Netflick. Works great.
I bought two of these Amazon Fire HD tablets in December as Christmas gifts. Both recipients are happy with these as gifts. I plan to purchase one in the near future for myself.
great product, easy to use, love the lighted pad, ease of down loading books,
i love it amazon is nice read book on it play games on it
I bought this Kindle as a gift for my mother so she could access her Facebook account easily. She loves the ease of using it. I have 3 kindle tablets in my home and they are used daily. My mother uses hers for email and some light gaming and for watching Netflix as well. Very satisfied.
The Kindle Fire is a wonderful, small device to use for a multitude of tasks. We use it mostly as an ereader and has been so simple to use. So happy we chose this one. It is lightweight and convenient to take with you.
So easy to download and then read. Enjoy reading that I can take anywhere without the heaviness of a book
This is my second Fire, I'm upgrading from the 2nd generation 7" model. Love the screen resolution. Movies and videos are sharp and no pixelating. The camera is a bonus my first version did not have. All together this was a great buy for under $100 on sale. Thank you Best Buy.
This tablet has it all. Amazon offers tons of free apps, hundreds of thousands of free e-books and tons of free games. The tablet is intuitive and intelligent. I seamlessly enjoy streaming my favorite shows and reading articles, books and periodicals. What I love most is that the tablet doesn't place all apps on the device, but uses the users miro SD card instead for up to 200GB of additional storage for a dizzying amount of storage for more games, apps, books and movies that can be downloaded and enjoyed. It also allows the owner to share the device with family members, delegating each member an account personalized and tailored to that individual. There is even an option to create children's accounts--extra bonus. I am able to mirror the content from the tablet onto my Samsung Smart television. I will definitely consider Amazon first and foremost when making any future tablet purchases. It maintains a charge for a good deal of time, alleviating the need to be near an outlet to enjoy using it. I can charge it in the evening and use it for several hours the next day, sometimes two days. No one will ever create a tablet that is more considerate of the owner/end-user.
Bought this 8" model to use in addition to my current 3 year old Kindle Fire HD (7 inch model). So far I am very pleased with the quality of this unit. The slightly larger screen makes watching movies much better. I didn't want the larger 10" screen (yet).
The best tablet for the price i use it everyday to watch youtube videos
This tablet is perfect for just about anything you could want to do on a tablet.
Great item at great price, MY WIFE LOVES IT AND WONT PUT IT DOWN!
Works well; no issues with reboots or system hangs.. Good size - not too big and not too small. Screen is good for reading. Battery life is good, I've bought a few books from Amazon but mostly side-loaded books from the library onto a 32 GB micro sd card.
I got this for my son and he loves it! He can play games, watch movies, you tube videos, and use the internet for help with homework. He also loves all the books, and aps. Was a great black Friday deal should have gotten one for myself.
I purchased this product for my youngest son! He loved the color and the size. The storage is great for the number of activities that he has downloaded!
This product is easy to use. Screen size is great. Would recommend to anyone.
Best tablet around, cheaper than most and does just as much as other tablets. Great buy, it works perfect! Battery lasts a few days too.
She likes to read books and this is a fast and cheap way for her to do so
It's a great buy. Just to read emails and go on the web
Great Christmas gifts for the kids. Hours of fun and games.
I purchased this tablet mostly for entertainment. I enjoy playing games and this tablet is great for that purpose. Also plan on using it for reading electronic books.
Very nice quality product. East to set up and use.
Purchased for my mom to read ebooks, great performance, screen looks good, easy to use. Very happy with this purchase.
Love it, easy to operate. Very reasonable price - on sale.
Works great for my 6 year old. Wanted an inexpensive tablet for himsince he can be pretty rough with things. So far so good, and we love the FreeTime app.
Bought 2 for each of our teenagers and they just love it... Very cool reading features and zero buffering while watching Netflix.
My mother, husband, and daughter all enjoy using Fire. It's a great way to stay preoccupied.
very good product and right on the cost! Great gift for the holidays.
I really like the Fire IS 8 16gb, it is fast and smooth.
This is so easy to use and does exactly what I hoped.
Great tablet for streaming ! good internet connection along with a nice display
Bought it as an e-reader. Convenient and easy to use. Text is very readable. I am pleased.
So cool after playing with this for a while now I would never spend the money on an apple for what I am doing with it.
Love the new fire hd 8. Price is amazing and if you are an amazon prime mbr its even better! Great for the kids as you can lock their profiles to a kids mode and they can't buy anything. If i had one downfall its the smaller amount of apps available than apple or google play.
Had the Fire HD 7" before and just wanted to upgrade. Loving it so far and really enjoying the bigger screen!
This was a great buy for my son. He needed something that he could easily transport and that woudl allow him to access the internet and various forms of media. This was a perfect choice since he also has a amazon Prime account.
This was replacement for my wife's original iPad and broken Kindle Paperwhite. She loves it, as it does basically everything both of the previous devices did in one unit that is easy to use, has good battery life, very nice screen resolution and good size for her. Great value, especially compared to an iPad.
for the price this is a great works well the for the price display is hd love it
for the money, you will be well pleased, I think it is a big bargain !
Very happy with this purchase, it was exactly what I was looking for
This is my third Kindle, I still have the other two; however, this has a camera and much larger screen. I would take this product any day over a tablet.
My wife and kids love easy to use and the size is perfect
Great tablet for beginners! Very light and screen is wide. Enjoy using for travels.
The Kindle is a great way to read and watch videos with ease!
great size,sound and battery. just buy it already.
I've had my other Kindle Fire for 5-6 years. It's still working but slowing down. I bought the updated version while it was on sale. I love it! I play games on it, download books, check my email and facebook. It's like a portable mini computer and I wouldn't be without it. I like it better than other people's tablets and you can't beat the price. I bought some for gifts and everybody loves it! I'd recommend it to people of all ages.
Great product, no complaints at all,good for kids and adults
We already own kindles so we know they are great ! My son is going to live this!
I purchased 2 of these FIre HD tablets as gifts. They pack a lot of punch for the price. I helped set them up so I was able to get an idea of how they are going to work. The screen was very nice and clear. Speed of tablet was good. It is easy to use. If you are already in the Amazon family through prime it is a no-brainer.I don't believe you can get a better tablet at this price point.
I bought these as a starter online browser. It is a very portable pad . Great price.
Just what my wife wanted and needed she loved it! It is easy to use and simple to set up!
Good tablet for the money. A good add on if you have Amazon prime
We bought it for our 9 yr. Old daughter and she loves it. We do as well. Kindle tablets are great!
its fast, it has good lighting. its got the 16gb space, best gift ive bought for a bookreader.
Price was fabulous for an entry level tablet. Right on
Was impressed how quick and responsive touch and overall speed.Including Alex app.fit in top coat pocket
I have been buying Kindles since they first came out. When ever I want to upgrade Kindle is my chosen brand. I am not very tech savvy and I enjoy watching movies, listening to music and primarily reading. I like the ability to purchase narration for my favorite titles and using text-to-speech for the rest.
this tablet has the best battery ive ever seen. The picture is great too.
LIke that there are lots of apps to choose from. Very user friendly
I bought this for my wife because she plays a lot of games along with my grandson, this is perfect to download all the games they want without taking up space on her iPad.
Great to take with me when I need alone time to just surf and read.
Awesome tablet! Love using it to read and surf the web.
This was one of the best birthday presents, I ever purchased for my husband. He said he doesn't use the computer, but he was on my smartphone daily viewing FB. I got him a drone for Christmas and he needed something to view, while it is flying. I researched the Kindle Fire and thought he could practice with it until spring. He farms, so isn't busy in the winter. Thank goodness, because he is busy with his Kindle for hours every day. He thinks it is great and I do too, because now I have my phone back.
Amazing video quality easy to maneuver wonderful screen size easy set up
The Fire HD8 strikes an excellent balance between performance and price. It has many of the features you'd want in a tablet for a fraction of the cost. Works flawlessly for reading and video streaming.
This is my second Kindle and I love it. It's lightweight, simple, and fast. It's convenient for trips and fits in my bag without weighing it down.
Bought this as a gift. My mother likes it. It's easy and simple to use.
I am loving my fire tablet and I am using it everyday at home and at work on break
Perfect thing I needed to read books on and play my games
I'm loving the tablet so far. I really like the Amazon underground, and the Fire OS just updated, so it has Alexa on it now. :)
this tablet is perfect for surfing the internet and following social media
Perfect size and very responsive. I have 4 of them.
No issues runs games and internet well. ,,,,,,,,,,,,
Smartphone works on the job for me, but with the Fire I can read instructions and worksheets. It is a useful tool for connecting with both friends and colleagues. 8-inches is the right size for holding in hand and carrying with you. Gives me the information, beats printing everything out, or carrying around a large laptop.
Think this will be a great product for my parents it is a Christmas gift.
I have had several budget tablet, but this blows them all away. You have to be willing to be invested in the Amazon ecosystem, but it is well worth it.
Bought for daughter, love the parental control and curfew setting
Had the previous version of this tablet and was looking to upgrade. Got this on sale and am very pleased.
My daughter love this tablet! Easy to use and carry
The best kindle fire ever, love how quickly the apps run, being able to watch movies, listen to music, etc. on it
The salesman was very good pointed us in the right direction. The tablets are perfect for our triplet grandsons.
Excellent value for the price. Super easy to use and set up. Wonderful display. I love the fact that you can add an sd card for more memory unlike the old Kindles. Plus I'm really impressed with the fact the Amazon has such great offers.
I love my kindle. It fast, great pict quality and is so convenient to use. I love using it to watch Netflix. It worth the purchase if you don't want to spend so much money.
I love this tablet!! Excellent quality speakers and screen. Lots of storage space. Worth the money!!
Bought it for my husband and he loves it. This is perfect for what he wanted it for.
Very fast and super easy to use I'm very pleased with this purchase!!
It's works really well and don't have any issues at all
If you want a tablet to use on a daily basis for facebook or do online purchases you couldn't ask for a better tablet.
I use to read books, watch movies, and get online.. it works great and easy to use.
Throughly enjoying my fire tablet. Can play games and read books. Am very pleased with it.
Excellent screen , fast response. Almost a steal for that price.
Kindle Fire is a dream. Larger screen easy to read
This is the fastest booting tablet I have come across. The speed at which I can access sites is really amazing.
I went into bestbuy to purchase a replacement after mine died. I loved my kindle, and decided to get 2-in-1 with the fire. It is perfect for my needs.
great product at a great price.i like the builtin filter which is easy on youreyes.probably the best reader under 100 dollars.
Very good product. Super quality and the Best Buy store rep explained me about the product
This is my third Kindle Fire and it improves each time. Colors are crisper and best of all it stays charged a lot longer.
I bought this for my sister, who already had the Kindle 7. For the price the 8 is better. First the obvious. a inch more screen does make a difference and the HD makes reading and streaming alot clearer. Being able to add more storage with a micro SD card is a huge plus as well. This device includes a camera! And last at under 100.00 makes this a huge value for a great tablet.
I really love the new shape and size of the kindle HD. My daughter uses it and can control it great.
I'm loving this new fire, mainly because I didn't fork out a couple hundred for it. My only beef is that magazines are formatted for the demensions of an iPad so don't look great on this
The device is priced just right to give as a gift for an 8 year old
Bought one for the kids to use while we travel, lots of good free games. Installed VLC media player from the app store and filled up the SD drive with movies. Now they are nice and quite for hours on end.Battery life is awesome!
I had the previous model which was fine for reading but a little slow for other things. The extra .5 RAM makes a difference. Very happy and if you're a Prime member there are lots of freebies!
Does great on browsing and doing research easy to use and love the features especially the private browsing a great price as well
Great little tablet for a great price. I keep it at work for listening to music or some lunchtime reading.
great tablet to replace kindle. Love the features.
This is a great tablet for my teen. She loves it and the price can't be beat!
The kindle is great to read on. I also like that you can play some games.
I love the amazon tablet very much and love to use
I bought this for my wife to replace her 7" fire that was having a hard time holding a charge anymore. She is thrilled! It was easy for her to transfer all of her books and apps from her old fire to this. She mainly uses this for books , email and some games so this is the perfect tablet for her. better graphics and quicker with the 16gb storage
Easy to read. Light in weight. Has many good features.
I read about this new 8" Amazon tablet in the New York Times. My Google Nexus 7, 4 years old, was getting slower and slower, and I needed to upgrade - for as little money as possible.This Amazon Fire 8" is an excellent value for the money(only $89!) - very fast, great screen resolution, and easy to use. I was skeptical of the Silk browser, which I'd never heard of, but it works fine. There is no "page forward" arrow, which is odd, only backwards, but I can live with that.It has exceeded my expectations and I'm very happy with it. I'm not in the Amazon ecosystem, this is my first foray, and it's a good one! Congrats to Amazon for making an affordable, great quality tablet!Also, the purchasing experience at Best Buy was easy and convenient, as always!
The new Fire HD 8 is an improvement over the Fire HD 7". It is faster and the larger screen makes reading books much easier. I do wish the screen was easier to read when outside or in the car. Too much glare in those places.
Love it! I'm not computer savy but was able to figure out most things without any help.
I purchased it for my dad (70)He needed something easy to use. He really enjoys it.
It a great product..,. The quality is awesome the pictures is good and clear...
This has a great picture, good size, lots of storage and a camera. Would recommend
I went from the 7 inch Kindle to the 8 and it really made a difference. Easier to read and clearer than my old one.
I love this Tablet. It's easy to use, a great price & lightweight.
Great Kindle fire, works great for reading, playing games, etc. Highly recommend to everyone.
For the price this is perfect. I read books, search the web, watch Netflix. It's not an iPad but for the price it is amazing!
The quality of display is better than expected for the price. (Keep in mind that this is not an iPad!). Apps from amazon are well integrated and the functionality is fully enjoyable without limitation. Very satisfied with the product. This review is for Fire HD 8, 16 GB.
Beautiful HD resolution on this tablet. Love the 8" size, not too big nor too small.
This is an awesome tablet, fast, great display and has all the apps I need for personal entertainment If you look for a great tablet for entertainment this is the best you can have, if you want a tablet for working applications this is not the one so be aware and buy this tablet if you want tons of entertainment. also it have a larger processor and internal memory and the external memory to keep all your photos is unbelievable I strongly recommend it, again, not for work but for entertainment.
I bought 2, 1 for each kid. Easy to set up and figure iut. I went with the staff member's recommendation and I am so glad I did. I love the internet safety organ on it through Amazon. $2.50 a month per kid for unlimited age related and child safe Internet access and movies, books, games and apps and I can set the time it shuts off and a minimum time for them to read each day. Love love love.
Very happy with my kindle. Would buy it for my kids
So I got my Fire HD 8 originally for ebooks since e-copies are much cheaper. Very easy to use, especially if you are not tech friendly. So glad I got this.
For first tablet I am pleased. An amazon name is good value.
This item has a very nice readout, and is well built as far as I can tell. The overall size is very suitable, and the price was reasonable. I get great service at Best Buy every time I shop there.
Does everything I needed and moreI use it as a travel companion and the size is great.
Its so perfect for my niece & she loves it. Going to get another one for my son.
I wanted a tablet that was easy to use that I could access my email, internet and stream shows/movies! It's perfect!
As expected. I am very happy with this. This serves the purpose
Handy to use and size is good. It's light weight and that's important.
Where do I begin...good clarity, I love the size and storage capacity! Very affordable, love watching Netflix on it. I do wish I could have gotten the purple, got the color black, but overall I'm very happy with my purchase.
I went into Best But to buy another reader but ended up buying a Fire 8; good value and has the things I need in a reader.
Got the tablet for my grandson he's happy with it and use it as we speak
The Kindle Fire HD has a larger screen (8" vs. 7") and images are crisper with more vibrant colors.
This is an awesome tablet perfectly for watch tv for my little nephew
I'm so glad i brought this because it is very handy and easy to use too. Everything about it is good and I really like it.
I've enjoyed using my Fire HD8 tablet to play games.
Beautiful screen, vibrant color, fast and best quality for the money.
I use it for downloading and reading books. It is the perfect size for this purpose. It is also very light.
This tablet is quick and as good as my iPad! I use the tablet specifically for one aspect of my life and it performs great! I am pleasantly surprised by its performance!
I have a 4 year old boy and 6 year old girl and 12 year old boy no cracks or broken yet yes they have dropped them no case but no cracks yet pretty amazing when they drop it on hard wood floors and still not broke!!
Wow I've had quite a few different kindles over the years and I've loved all of them. But this kindle fire hd 8 is by far my favorite. So glad my husband bought it for me the best purchase ever.
I am very happy with this Amazon tablet. I purchased it for business purposes, as well as recreational, and it works great for both. I did get an SD card for more memory. Also, if I would have bought directly from Amazon, there would've been a 1 month wait. However, I was able to order from Best Buy online, and pick it up that very day!!!
Its perfect to see my tv series when i don't have my tv around. It has a very good resolution quality.
I bought the 8" to replace my old 7". I love the bigger screen
This kindle rocks! Tons of storage at an awesome price.
I love the fire....it works great and the navigation through the Fire is user friendly too. I think the 8 is the better buy for your money.
This tablet is very good especially considering the price. also has memory slot to increase storage.
I bought this tablet over the holidays when it was on sale. It has been a great tablet. The battery life is great on these new models. Also playing games everything moves smoothly since it has more ram. The durability of the tablet is great. This thing won't break if you drop it. The only thing I don't like is the fire os. You can't get everything you can get on the google store so not all apps are available.
I have had a few kindle's in the past so this was nothing new for me but what I loved about this one is that the screen is big so when I am reading a book it's a lot easier than when I had the first kindle screen. I mostly use it just for the reading but being able to navigate the internet on it is great for when I want to look something up about the book real quick or if you want to search reviews on a book before purchasing. I love it!
Great tablet for on the go. Good size screen to watch movies or read book.
Light, portable and great features. Highly recommended.
This is a great tablet with great features. I love my kindle.
We love this so much in our home. We bought a super tough case and let our two and six year old use it. They love watching their movies on it and playing different apps. It is a really good value!
Great tablet! Brought this for my wife and she loves reading off of it! Great price, easy to use! Great purchase!
Very fast, very functional. Love the e-reader function. Movies, music and internet work great. LOVE IT!
I received this as a gift from my husband. It's great for reading, gaming and watching Netflix.
Have a fire 7 and wanted a bigger screen, love the new one.
My first tablet experience and it's awesome. I love being able to stream movies and have numerous apps at my fingertips.
This tablet does all the things I really need. I have it some thought before buying I don use most of the features a more expensive computer/tablet has. Have been very happy with my purchase.
Got this for my wife's birthday. She had an older model and wanted an upgrade. She seems very happy with it and uses it every day
This is my first kindle. It works great for my use. Mostly reading, email, and Amazon shopping.
I held off getting a tablet and wish I had done it sooner. The Amazon Fire 8 is great and easy to use
Works great for everything we want our daughter to do
it's wonderful. I love it. It's easy to watch movies, play games and read books.
love it just like my other one just better!!! since I already own a kindle I knew this was what I wanted. Just needed a second one and a little bigger. Always loved the service and help I get at BB so I knew I would purchase it there!! Found salesman to be knowledgeable and most helpful. Thanks so much for your help and service
I extremely happy with my purchase. I like that the screen is just a little bigger and much faster.
Good picture, works well, great variety of apps. keep in mind that you get apps from amazon, not google play, so they aren't always the same or same price
This replaced my old Kindle Fire. I have not yet explored all of the features but, so far, it is performing very well. Tablet is a good size and weight, and easy to use.
This tablet has been the best one for the price we have purchased 3 other tabs for our kids and they have all broke and ran super slow they love them would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to save a buck but want quality
I love my Kindle fire. Had a Kindle and it disappeared. Enjoy not having to go to library for books. I get a great selection of books every day.
This is a great tablet for the price! I bought it to replace my iPad mini. Great for ereading and general browsing.
I purchased this as a gift but have had extensive time with it. It's a great budget tablet, phenomenal screen and a very smooth interface. Handles all apps and HD content well.
I have a kindle and wanted more options. I love the bigger screen. I find it easy to read. It can have some reflection under lights but not much.
Liked this Kindle upgrade. The color screen and backlights allowed for easy night use
Tablet is great and easy to use thankfully because its my 1st tablet
This is an item that is easy to use for novices. My child uses it and has no issues
No problems with tablet, kids love it and the size is great
For under $100 this 8" tablet is a bargain. I do all I want on it like; check email, Facebook, Twitter, watch YouTube, read books, and shop on eBay or Amazon. I've been very pleased with my purchase.
I love to read and this tablet work great for my needs.
I bought it for my grand daughter, she knew how to use it right away. You can purchase a rubber case in different colors for protection.
This device is great for the price! I use it for my daughter and after having seeing the ads on amazon, I thought this would perfect for her.
I think that the Amazon Kindle tablet was a great purchase for my teenage daughter and grandson, very easy to operate. It kept them entertained for hours while we were traveling on the train for vacation.
Great device. Works very well and use it throughout the day.Keeps me informed and great for looking up things and staying in contact.
Love how I am able to run the latest Minecraft on this device, but am not able to on a 3-year-old iPad. It seems as apple handy cap their devices. Resolution may not be the best, but for the little buggers it works fine
I love my Fire HD8 I got it because my Kindle(the original) that my husband bought me died and the Verizon Tablet wasn't working great for me. So I came down and the agent at store showed me this one, there is a learning curve but it gets better and takes a while to learn but I love it.
Does all the basic stuff I need at a great price. I use it for some apps, web browsing and some video. Picked this over the Fire 7" for the screen size, resolution and CPU/GPU. Battery life is pretty good. Ads aren't too annoying.Far cheaper than competing name-brand budget tablets while doing almost everything needed at this level and probably better supported. FireOS will always be a little behind the current Android version and I'd rather have Google Play than Amazon, but this still allows for side-loading stuff.Recommend if you're ok with living in Amazon's world and/or proficient enough to load other app stores or packages (or know somebody can).
this item work just as I expected it to, great product!
I love the size and the HD quality. Just what I was looking for!Downloads apps really fast!
Never thought a tablet at this price could be this good. Totally recommended!
This is my sixth unit and has features many of the newer models didn't have.
I love the apps that are on here and everything else I think it's the perfect tablet for a beginner has all of the apps that you will need
I love Amazon Fire HD8... It is so easy to use and perfect for reading books on or cruising Social Media. I love that it has Alexa included on it.
Bought this so the grandkids could use it. They already have one at their house. My husband has been using it also & he likes it. He has never used a tablet before but he has enjoyed it.
This is a fantastic tablet for the price. This is a great alternative to an IPad.
I had an original Kindle that I replaced with this newer one. I love it!!
This was purchased on Black Friday as an impulse buy and we absolutely love it! It was a great price and the size of the tablet is perfect. It works great!
I love my tablet no regrets the pic are great I recommend it!
It's a great item to have when you are out and about. It's easy to connect to Wi-Fi and it's small enough to fit in my purse.
This was a surprise when we opened it up! Bright and colorful!!
Loved my first kindle so the upgrade to the new one was practically seamless.
My dad is a first time user for anything techie he has really enjoyed it.
Bought this for my great granddaughter for a gift. She loves it and it is easy for her to use
im always using my amazon tablet...perfect for games!!!
I love to read! Having the Kindle Fire is like having hundreds of books at my fingertips!
Great all around tablet. Color and resolution is very nice. Best price for a nice product.
Nice it all ready has Amazon and apps built in. Great buy.
Bought this tablet for my wife and she absolutely loves it. I also use it for school which works great with writing notes directly on PowerPoints
Bought this for my husband. He has really enjoyed it.
I love my kindles. This is the 4th one. The others I wore out. I enjoy this one the most . Easier researching things , lot more options etc
Really enjoy my kindle. Fits perfect in my purse and the screen is a good size.
I bought this for Christmas for my husbandand now I 've had it for months. I am still happy with this purchase. It has a nice screen and is easy to see what you are viewing. I will be buying another one for myself soon.
This is a great tablet. I was surprised at how efficient and easy to use it is. I bought 8 of these for gifts to make Bible study easier for a bunch of friends.
So far I am extremely satisfied with my purchase. Great product for a great price!
I use this while underway and it's a perfect size to travel with
Works great with my amazon prime account and for browsing Internet and playing game. Cheap tablet as well.
I am extremely happy with my purchase. The kindle is very fast and the screen is clear.
The Fire HD8 tablet is so easy and fun to use. Take it everywhere. Love that it is easier to see than a cell phone, for those with old eyes.
My wife's mom wanted a tablet. This was a great way to get her into technology and she LOVES it. Not iPad or galaxy but good start.
I purchased b/c my old kindle fire finally bit it ...screen went dark. Very happy with this one. Cost is great. The screen resolution is great. User friendly. My favorite feature is the SD card so you can add more gb.
Our son just LIVES this unit. He has all his favorite games on it.
I bought this kindle for the extra size. I have recently been having trouble with seeing clearly so I figured with the size it may be easier. It was and I really like being able to change the color of the fonts and background, it seems to help immensely.
Great budget tablet at a great price. Long battery life and high quality display.
I traded this in after receiving a 7" at Christmas and I am happy I did. I love the size of the screen for reading my books (which I have too many of) and a great size for watching movies. I do wish I had the capability to use internet when I am away from home, yet other than that, this is a great buy.
I have only used this a few times so far, but I like it. The lightweight and pretty easy to navigate. Perfect screen size too. I ended up purchasing a second one for my fiancé.
The size of this table is great I'm able to carry it in my purse with no problem!
Really nice customer first service. I have had other Kindle readers before so was familiar with the unit.
Before the 8 inch kindle we the old 7 inch one, which both tablets are great but this one so much nicer. The screen is bigger, more storage amd Love the color on the back. Great Tablet
She loves it . it's the best thing we could of ever brought her
Bought this tablet for my son and he has loved it. It's so easy for him to use and easy for me to set parental controls.
I use it to read books. Have read a lot of books on it. The right size and lighting for any situation.
Got this when it was on sale which is what really made it worth getting.
Tablet works well, slim design is perfect. Highly recommended to purchase this tablet.
Perfect purchase for me. I take it everywhere and is so easy to use!
Purchased this a couple of weeks ago, no complaints so far. Web pages load pretty quickly on the Silk browser, and the battery life is excellent. After installing Google Play Store (it's really easy!) even more apps are available. Can't beat this for under a hundred dollars!!!
After having a basic Kindle for 6 years, I moved up. I am thrilled with all this product can do. I am an avid reader. The Fire let's me do that and lots of other things. I am still finding apps, and other things it will do. I know this sounds "old fashioned", but it would be great to have a user's manual! Thanks for asking.
Bought as a replacement kindle for my mother in law. She loves it perfect size for her.
This is my 4 the Kindle and is well worth the price.
It's great!! Light weight! Charges quickly! Great features!
My husband and I both use this and really love it. We got kindle unlimited for the books but it's also great for playing games and surfing the web too.
Love my new Kindle Fire - easy to use - the battery life is amazing!!
Really easy to use, nice size, works great, affordable price, extra card slot for storage, bright screen, good speakers, easy to download apps,
bought this for my niece and it works perfect, she easily navigates all menus and features...
An inexpensive tablet that can satisfy your reading and viewing pleasure. Fast and good quality product. Recommended!
I have ordered a couple of these for my family members and say that they work great and do everything that they are supposed too. Highly recommend.
Lightweight, performant, and packed with features. This device is great for reading, music, or movies on the go as well as web browsing and email.
I absolutely love my Fire tablet. Great size, lots of space and a great reader. I can't recommend this product enough.
I I bought this for a friend since she liked mine so much.It is a great way to check emails and read Kindle e-Books.I keep an SD card in mine and store my books on it. You can just drop this in your purse to read on the go.
Very good tablet for the price economical and the ability to carry in backpack
I bought this Kindle for my husband's birthday. I have had a Kindle since 2013 and I used it mostly to read and check emails while travelling. My husband is not particularly a book reader, but he spends way too many hours alone, in his office, reading his face book messages. Now, with the new Kindle he actually multi-tasks, in the living room, on facebook, email, and internet, at least in proximity to me, so he might even join me in a conversation! I think his Kindle has much imporoved our 35 year marriage!
i really love this product because it lets me read books and surf the net
This is the perfect tablet for my purposes. Easy to use and the perfect size. Not too large and not too small.
This device is s really good piece of electronic. It is a good reader and also is very good for my 2 year old granddaughter to use.
For my son as a present for college books. 5 textbooks were 1/4 the price on kindle than if we bought them on Amazon, this is my third kindle. Other two still working great,
My bf got me this as a birthday present from my son. It's just like my 7" although larger. I cannot tell the different between the regular and the HD and I game on it. I'm not sure if it cost more, but wouldn't waste the money if it did.
This is a terrific tablet at a great price. The quality is excellent, the price is right, it has tons of storage capacity. And oh, did I mention that it's cheap? (Cheap for a tablet, that is.)
Had a great experience with my Best Buy rep! Great Job!
I bought the HD Fire 7 for my wife,I liked hers decided to buy the Fire HD 8 for myself I love it.Nice graphics easy to use.
Great for my mom who isn't tech savvy. Luv it! :-)
I purchased the Amazon Fire HD 8 to replace my 2nd generation Kindle Fire. It works great and the colors are sharp.
I lost my tablet in Germany and wanted a replacement fast. Best Buy, had both the 7 and 8 inch Kindle fires in stock, after reading the reviews, I decided to go with the 8 inch. Boy was I glad that I did, the larger viewing area, is great for watching movies and Netflix on the airplane. The 8 inch has stereo sound , unlike the 7 inch which has only mono. Overall I am really happy with this tablet
A very good product by amazon. Considering the price, even better.
I purchased two of these as Christmas presents for my children. I had been researching child friendly tablets with robust controls to keep them away from undesirable content. I found the 7" Fire Kids Edition, but after looking over the specs and reviews, I found myself unsure of it. I was mostly interested in the FreeTime application, so I did some research on that and found that it was available on other Fire models also. I came across the new Fire HD8, which had more power, a better screen, and far better battery life at a very affordable price point. I gave them a shot and I'm glad I did.I have the Fire HD8's locked into FreeTime mode, so the only activities that can be done are ones that I approve of, but if I want to, I can pick up either of them and unlock them to access Netflix/Amazon Prime or anything else I desire. I currently have reading goals set up that they must achieve before they are able to access videos or games, and those are limited to X amount of time per day. FreeTime also has a bedtime feature which disables/enables the use of the tablets during designated times, which is amazing.The hardware itself is exceptional. The screen resolution is excellent, it's very responsive, and the battery life is spectacular! They advertise up to 12 hours of battery life, and depending on screen brightness, ours last almost that long regularly. The only con I can think of is that the cameras are sub-par, but that's not what I purchased the tablets for, so it's a non-issue for myself.Some of the reviews I read cited that the internal storage was easily filled with FreeTime content, so I installed 128GB SD cards in them. I also purchased some rugged children's cases for them off of Amazon.This is probably one of the best purchases I have made in a long time. The sound of silent children reading all day is priceless!!!
I bought this tablet for my sister to replace her kindle. We love it except for the fact it would not connect to ATT internet. I suspect this was an ATT problem. The internet could not be authenticated. Since we have had problems with ATT for seven years, I am sure it was a problem with them! Once my sis read the instructions, she was good to go!
I own two Amazon fire tablets with this one being the same as owned.. My sister in law wanted a tablet and since I owned one just like this one I figured it to be a good buy.. She just loves it, she is able to do her scheduling, read books and watch her news programs.. It's a great Alertanative to an iPad... great price and just as powerful for a lot less cost..
Purchased this for my 80 year old mother in law to replace her old cracked screen one. Everything was perfect easy to use and set up. She has zero problems using this for online and reading books.
Love it I sent one down to my family in Mexico they loved it
I am loving this tablet. My previous tablet was a 1st year Fire. This tablet is great for reading, games,facebook and emails.
This is my third Kindle and I have loved them all. I still have my first Kindle and use it. I just wore my Kindle Fire out with 5 + years use. I am very happy with everything my new one can do. No disappointments at all.
One of the best purchases or investments you could make for technology.
I got this tablet for my mother and cousins. It's been very speedy to my surprise, not as fast as a high end tablet but no lag and a very nice 720p display with good build quality. Would definitely recommend if your looking for an affordable tablet
I have an older Kindle and enjoyed it very much. However, there is so much more improvement in this tablet with faster processing speed, upgradable storage and longer battery life. I'm really happy!
This was the perfect tablet for what my husband wanted. 8" size was not too big or too small. You can carry it without it being clumsy to drop.
I love my kindle.It is user friendly and there's so much more than I thought.
Awesome tablet and great value for money. My son is enjoying it a lot.
I love to read! Books,books, books and more books.
My son needed a tablet to take notes on at college classes. He wanted something small and lightweight instead of taking his laptop. He's found it to work perfectly for what he needs!
Gave as Christmas gift,and wife loved it. She has not put it down since she has gotten it.
I love this new Amazon Fire HD. I have a 6 year old and I've set it up so that he has his own password and he loves to read all the free books available. The different shades of back lights are cool. If you purchase the new Amazon Fire HD, it will enhance your reading experience.
The fire tablet is a great tool for reading, surfing the web, playing games and even watching some Netflix, on a bigger screen, without killing a cell phone charge.
Great value! This tablet is great for everything. It's not as powerful as an iPad but the price can't be beat.
I like that it is a good reader and that you can also put some apps on it -- I use it to check email, one note, etc. but primarily as a reader.
My wife wanted this and I got it for her. She has been totally happy with it. She loves it for its size for reading online books.
The HD8 and HD7 are amazing for the price. They aren't top powered tablets, but they're functional tablets. Right now, in Feb 2017, either one is a good replacement for the Nexus 7.
Bought this for my niece and she loves it. Very easy to use from what she tells me!
Such a a great tablet that does everything, love it!
I am an avid Amazon user for shopping and tablets, I bought a different model for my younger brother and now purchased this one for my grandparents and they love it!
I purchased this for my parents who were always viewing facebook or other videos on their cell phones, this Amazon tablet is perfect for them! It's user friendly and if you have an Amazon Prime account has great access to movies and music.
I always wanted a tablet and finally decided on the amazon fire 8. It is awesome and I love it.I downloaded some games and I am enjoying them. It is great for internet too. Definitely worth the price. You get a lot for the money. It had lots more options too.
It was okay, but most of my apps were stripped down versions on the HD-Fire. It was inexpeisve, but you get what you pay for. The O/S is pretyy premitive. The hardware does fell nice. I would say it is the perfect device for an older or younger person.
I have owned several kindles. I don't know what I do to them, but they tend to die rather quickly. Thank goodness for Best Buy's extra protection. The last two that quit on me were replaced quickly and effortlessly. Excellent customer service as well!
This Tablet does absolutely everything I want! I can watch TV Shows or Movies, check my Mail, Facebook, Google.......pay all my bills. It processes fast and has a beautiful screen. As I said: Everything I want in a Tablet for less than $100!
And she has been happy about it ever since. Not being that tech saavy, this specific device has a user-friendly tutorial to help get started.
I have had a Samsung Tablet for 3 years, and I have to say that I love this Amazon Kindle 10x better. The picture quality is amazing, it is light weight, it is easy to navigate.
Great tablet, great screen, great price! Very user friendly, especially for a not so Tech savvy person.
Simple and easy to use!! The wife takes it everywhere!
Easy to use! Just plug in and search for your favorite movies and TV shows.
I love my new Fire HD! I had one of the first generation Kindle Fire, and loved it, love this one even more!!!
Great device very functional love it will recommend
Enjoy the Kindle, fun games, can access the Internet, read books, etc.
Bought this for my elderly mother who was wanting the ability to read and/or listen to books. After a slow start getting her going (she is not tech savvy) she is really enjoying the versatility of this tablet. Although it does not have cellular data ability, which she had no use for, it gives her the flexibility to connect to wireless networks when she makes her weekly casino visits.
Books and magazines are easy to access and read!!!
Good product with best price available in the market place
Tablet is a great tool to use the world wide web and check email.
Great tablet. Picture is super sharp and so easy to read.
I purchased a Kindle a few years ago and Have loved the flexibility it give me. I can browse the internet without moving to my desk to get on my personal computer. I love the fact that I can continue to read my books while I travel. Doctor Office Visits seem to just roll by more calmly now because I can ignore the office chatter and the TV selections I rather not watch. I encouraged others to make the purchase and several have done just that. This is my second purchase. Love It!
I purchased this for my mother and she has been going on about how wonderful the Amazon fire is. It's the perfect size easy to use and she can even do her banking on it which she loves. I would definitely recommend the Amazon fire thank you
This is my second kindle. I love using them for reading, web searching, etc. I download some of my favorite knitting patterns, so when on the road I have something to work with.I love love love this kindle. Bigger screen, slimmer and lighter.
Was a gift and they love the tablet! Its a great price and works awesome!
Need to buy a tablet for my Mother as a Christmas gift. Functionality is great and she uses it for all her online needs
The Fire HD 8 is the perfect size EReader. Big enough to see the text but small enough to hold comfortably.
This is my second Kindle Fire, and the only reason is because I upgraded. They're a great little tablet. Very versatile and fast loading times. Definitely recommend.
Good quality android tablet. also makes a very nice gift.
Can't say enough about the Kindle Fire. It literally is fiiiiiiyah... fast, easy to use, and an all-around perfect tablet. Recommend keeping an eye out for special pricing at holidays to save some cheddar, but otherwise I'd say pick this little black rectangle of portable interwebz awesomeness up the first chance you get.
The best product for the money. East to use, great color, great features. easy to set up and battery life is great.
I bought this one for 40$ during the black Friday sale, as a gift to my cousin. He was flattered by the performance, even I didn't expect it to be this good! It works flawlessly with the usual games and apps, what you are going to miss the most is YouTube, amazon's app store does not have youtube. Other than that it meets all my requirements for daily use.
Best B It is helping them to learn to read and follow directions .Best Buy had the products and provided great customer service. Grandsons are enjoying product use.
This tablet exceeds its reviews. its easy to use and the screen is great.
My husband and I purchased the new Amazon Kindle Fire HD 8 tablets for our 16 yr old son and 12 yr old daughter for Christmas. I have an older version 7 in myself so I already knew we were buying a durable tablet. The new ones are awesome and they had them in colors so very easy to distinguish who's is whom We purchased during Black Friday and got them for $30 off, which was an amazing discount and made me love it even more. We had shopped around many places prior to and. They are light weight and the screen is plenty big enough for them to watch movies, play games, do homework and video calls friends and family out of town. They seem to have plenty of space and nice to know that we can add memory if we need to.The tablets hold up to the everyday life of the kids accidental drops kicks and their 3 yr old sister lol. Would definitely recommend this product to anyone who is in the market for a new tablet for themselves or children. Will buy again in the future if these ever quick working.
Good tablet and a great price. I use it for reading, Netflix and email.
Loving this tablet, 5 stars in my opinion, definitely worth it. Easy and fun to use. Also, a perfect size even for a man's hand.
Bought as a gift and they love it! Great for the price.
i really loved my 7in. but i love 8.5 in. a whole lot.!!!!!!!!!!!!!thanks guys!!!
This is a great, easy to use tablet for the price.
It's a 16 GB mini-computer and camera perfect for trips.
Needed a present for mom, at first she didn't use it much cause she had to set it up but now it's great and she loves it.
We bought it two days before it went on sale for Christmas and Best Buy was excellent with price matching
Is great for my son 8 years old, they help with homework
At first was going to get a iPad but I decided to get this instead way cheaper then a iPad and just as good, love it..
Couldn't recommend this more for kids. Price and features are awesome along with parental controls.
I didn't actually use as I bought for a gift. My grandson already had one so we returned for a pair if 3-d goggles.
We bought one for my wife and my mother-in-law and they both love it. Very easy to use.
This was a gift for my mother who is 99 years. She used to love puzzles, but with arthritis and failing eyesight she couldn't do them. The puzzle app is good because she can see it and use finger to slide pieces. She can keep up with family on Facebook
This is a perfect size and weight. Everything is very clear, sharp and large enough to be comfortably readable.
the only downside of it is that you can't have google playstore on this tablet but you can still install it manually since they both based on android os
Great for those who love to read this tablet is always ready for on the go trips
Super fast. Lots of storage. Great tablet for anyone.
bought as a gift for Christmas. they love it!!!!!!
This is an upgrade tablet from my first Kindle Fire that I purchased 5 years ago. Love the larger screen the quick processing and downloads, the great HD visuals, and most importantly all of my previous pictures and music files were easily transferred/accessed by this new device. Love that this Fire has a front and rear camer too, my old Fire only had a front facing camera. Granted this is not an iPad, but I don't want or need all an iPad does. And I definitely don't want to spend hundreds of dollars on a device just because it is cool. My Fire tablet does everything I need or want and it costed under $99.00. I am one satisfied and pleased customer.
very easy to use I live my fire the best purchase I have made in months
The size of the Fire tablet gives you the feel of having a book in your hands while reading a book. Because of the size and lightweight it's easy to transport and fits easily in my purse. I'm enjoying my Fire tablet which was a gift.
The tablet is Excellent! Very fast and well worth the money! The display is great!
I got an 8" windows tablet for my father in law and we quickly realized that windows is not a good choice for someone that is not already comfortable with all the windows features that are not tablet friendly. This tablet on the other hand, had a very easy learning curve and my father in law became comfortable with all the features in a couple of hours. I would definitely recommend it as a gift.
The 8 inch Amazon Fire 6th edition is by the far the best tablet in the Amazon market. The 7-inch is a nice size, but the 8-inch has better screen resolution and longer battery life. If you are an Amazon Prime member, this is a must have tablet. Also, the Amazon magnetic case does a great job in protection and sleek-ness.
Very easy to use and small enough to travel with. I slide it right into my bag.
I love my new Kindle Fire even more than my old one which I lost.
I travel a lot and this is perfect for watching movies or reading on the flights
The Kindle is great! It's easy to set up and I've found all the books that I wanted.
Great tab and the price cannot be beat, Only gripe is the fire os. Oh well
I bought two Kindle Fires for my 4 year old twin grandsons this past Christmas. We downloaded lots of educational programs for them and they absolutely love it! No need to buy them an IPAD which was far more costly!
My granddaughter love this fire for al her games. We also downloaded a music app for her and she is so happy with this. So many things she will learn how to do on this tablet.
This was a great purchase! Love the fact I can download TV or movies and watch off-line. Easy set up.
Gift for my grandpa so he can do internet searches from his chair and play games. He loved it. It's simple to use and inexpensive
I love my kindle fire it's is good for watching movies reading and anything you need a tablet for.
This tablet is small enough to pack but the screen is the perfect size for watching movies on the plane when traveling.
I had a very early generation Kindle that I loved. I was unwilling to update my Kindle because it was so great. The new one I got from my wife made it look like the old one was standing still. It's much faster and I love it.
Nice handheld size. Clear text. Easy to read books on.
Love the access to films. Easy to read and work with. A Little like an Android. I am used to IPhone apps but this works great once you understand it.
Great and informative service. The guy who helped us was very friendly.
Love the Fire, the picture is good and really like the amazon link
This tablet is awesome...HD resolution, fast processor and affordable! Highly Recommended.
I use my kindle on a daily basis. It is a good size for reading in bed.
My son totally loves it! The size is just right, and it is pretty fast. I don't have any complaints about it.
On Christmas Eve I went in looking for an iPad as a gift. They were sold out and I was directed to the Amazon Fire HD8. The picture quality is amazing (hence the HD). I watched a movie on it and the picture was better than my HD tv. I have to say, I would buy this tablet over an iPad any day...AND it cost less than a fourth of the price!
Purchased to watch movies. Quality is great. Sound from tablet needs work but earphone is usually used or at least recommended for personal use.
The Amazon Fire HD8 tablet is a high quality, inexpensive piece of technology that works great for anyone looking to purchase one that won't break the bank.
Bought for someone not tech savvy and he's done great
Wasn't happy with first one I opened as Christmas gift, it didn't work from right out of the box. Contacted Amazon and they sent a new one the next day. This one has worked from the get go. I'm now enjoying my new tablet. Very happy with Amazons service and prompt response to the issue.
Love Alexa and all of its features. Love that I can listen to music and read ebooks
Bought this for each of my grandchildren and they loved it. Very user friendly
Original Kindle Fire would finally no longer charge so bought this to replace. Not quite the quality of original (not as fast, resolution not as good) but can't complain for the price. Good choice for casual web surfing and reading.
I bought this for my 3yr old son and it's perfect for him! With a mixture of games (kid friendly) and read-along books makes it a perfect for the kids and of course there's so much more for adults as well.. great buy!
I bought this for my niece and she really enjoyed it. She was able to watch Netflix on it and play games. She could surf the internet if she needed to. We went with the bigger GB since it wasn't much more.
This tablet is simple to set up and it's worth the price. It's perfect for beginners.
Great tablet for easy operation. Was a great upgrade for a family member.
OK its not an iPad, but it is a very good tablet for less than 100 dollars.My only complaint is that it don't have a true GPS chip and relies on your WiFi reported location for apps and therefore some apps cannot be loaded on this device that rely on a true GPS. But it is a great travel tablet and with an SD card you can download your Amazon or other content and watch offline. A great travel tablet!
I have the HD 7 and an HDX 7, and the 8 outperforms them both. If you are an Amazon fan of the eco system, this is a must. The screen is bright and crisp. The processor performs very well with the latest software update. I love it.
Bought to use for recent travel. Was able to download several movies and TV shows from Netflix. Seems to have decent storage. Video playback was fine.
love the first now a new one. everything at your fingertips.
This is actually a pretty good little tablet. It is not the most powerful and it doesn't have the highest resolution screen. But for the price, you can't go wrong. It does what it is supposed to do and for the low price you won't feel much pain if you break it. A perfect first tablet for the kids or a nice secondary tablet that you can just toss in a bag or the car for road trips.
Amazon Fire tablets are the best products in their price ranges, especially if they are on sale as they were at the last Black Friday event. Excellent purchase.
This tablet is the best one we've ever bought. And, the least expensive! It satisfies all of our needs; email, Facebook, Candy Crush, YouTube, Bluetooth broadcasting to a remote speaker. We love it. No frustration whey using the keyboard or finger clicking on icons or commands!
i was surprised buy how light and compact this was but still strong enough to do what i needed.
For the price, you can't beat this tablet. It is fast and basic.
Fire is a good tablet. Portable size . Have bought a couple for gifts as well
This tablet is really easy to use and since I'm a Amazon Prime member the video's and music is easy to access. I'm really surprised how fast the unit compared to my older i-pad. I would recommend this if anyone wants a good value product.
This is a great tablet for the money. Perfect for someone who does not want to shell out hundreds for an iPad.
like a tablet. great, fast connection. everything I wanted in an electronic reader.
I bought this for my mom and she loves it. She said it is really easy to use and loves the lighting, it's easy for her to read.
This tablet is so great for the price, but Amazon has always put out excellent product. This is fairly lightweight and pretty fast too. Like all Amazon product it ties all your Amazon accounts so downloads and purchases are super easy. I have dropped it a couple of times and no damage... so it's pretty tough too.
It is a great and affordable tablet for my 12 & 13 year old grandsons. It keeps up with the higher speed internet.
So far the tablet works great. I got this for my daughter for Christmas and she downloads games no problem. The 16gb is great I'm glad I purchased the larger storage capacity.
Basic internet plus a ton of Amazon apps and some standard ones too. If you want to use Amazon it is an excellent tool.
Great rablet, clear screen and small design. Great for watching movies.
Best tablet money can buy for under 100$. Very happy with its performance and responsiveness. External speaker is much better on this than my more expensive samsung tab E tablet.
Easy to use and portable. Took on vacation and it was great to kkep up on emails and news.
Really handy. Can check email, read a book. Also can access info on the web. Lightweight.
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife. She is an avid reader. She previously had a B&N Nook which stopped working. This is much nicer and she loves it. Would recommend for someone who likes to read while traveling or simply at home.
Bought this tablet for a child at Christmas. After days of research, this tablet seemed to be the best buy of the lot. It had a good processor, decent memory, and good reviews. It should be exactly what a 12 year old would need in a tablet at a great price.
Great easy tablet for a reasonable price. Not the most super powerful. It can get the job done for simple tasks such as surfing the web, checking email, playing YouTube, etc. screen is clear and responsive. Great inexpensive tablet
Owned a kindle fire HDX for GameCircle years. Finally decided Goodreads upgrade. This fire HD 8 is great. Really Prime the larger screen and new features.
This is such a wonderful value for the money!!Clear display with great color!!
Tablet is wonderful for young kids. There's ways to switch it to kid friendly
This was a Christmas present so it hasn't had a lot of use yet but so far this tablet has worked well and was straightforward to set up
I have two other versions of Kindle tablets and each one gets better. Great screen display allowing for clear and enjoyable viewing. Easy to use. Quick downloading and updating.
this is my 2nd hd 8, very fast and easy, great value
Was looking for tablet to read books and this is perfect for that.
Gave this as a gift and she was very pleased. Great product at a great price!
Beautiful picture. Enjoying different apps and looking forward to hours of fun.
Works well. Easy to use. I like the auto on when you open the case
I bought this for my son for Christmas. He loves it. He can use it to access the web. This item is great for kids, it is education. You canaccess over 13,000 books on amazon. It has helped my son with his reading.
This tablet is great, and it has a good battery life. I'd recommend for people who love to read.
good value for the money, love the kindle for reading
got this for wife for christmas she loves thing she can read her kindle book and surf the web like a regular tablet
Had a Fire 7 previously which was ok but this one is brighter, faster and the larger keyboard makes a huge difference.
Bought this tablet for my mom who struggles with technology. The Fire HD8 was easy to setup and has many great features. She is catching on well and learning new applications daily. A great value.
Got this for my 11 yr old and my main concern was parental controls. Parental controls are an awesome feature and were easy to set up. Amazon had plenty of free apps for kids that i didnt need to purchase extra. Thank you I'm very happy with this purchase!
We purchased these because we really liked the price. We also bought protective cases for both and an antivirus program for them.
Bought this for my mom for Christmas. It is her first tablet. She loved it, and will have no problems learning to use it. Very straightforward and easy to pick up. Great storage, fantastic resolution and really good features.
i really like this tablet..easy to use and looks great.
Great tablet for the price, I would definitely recommend the higher gigabyte as it downloads quickly and doesn't take time to upload.
It's a really good gadget ...I love everything about it...
great product I would recommend this tablet, grest price
This tablet is by far one of the best purchases we've made for my son. The kids feature is extra nice!
Purchased this Kindle Fire HD8 from Best Buy. My fiancé downloaded her first book. She already started reading and said it is really cool to use. She said it is easy to see and navigate.
I have enjoyed using the Fire HD. It is fast and easy to use. I also appreciate all the things it will do.
The kindle fire hd is a sweet tablet for reading and apps like netflix or hulu.
The kindle is great not only is it a reader its bascially a computer. It connects to the internet it takes pictures and has many other great features.
very satisfied with tablet, very fast and efficient
I really enjoy using this tablet it runs very well
My 10 year old has enjoyed playing on this. Great selection of apps and games.
did not expect this kind of quality for the price I paid. very surprised. nice product.
First off I can't get over how much I like this one. The battery life is great the screen is nice and clear .... and bright. I would buy it again if anything ever happened to it.
great compact tablet with great coclors and resolution-----decent battery life and good wi fi connectivity
I love this tablet! It's the perfect size. I can do everything on it and it was affordable!
I love this tablet. The screen is so clear. So easy to read a book on.
The screen is vibrant and clear. It is fast and doesn't lag when going onto different sites. If you have Amazon Prime this is the tablet for you as it gives you access to unlimited, music, movies, and tv. Awesome purchase!
Great size and storage for reading my online books
My grandson loved it. I had the smaller one but wanted to larger one for him.
I received this as a gift. One of the best I've ever received.
I bought two of these Fire Tablets for gifts for my sons. They are both thrilled with the features. They use them for gaming, music, photo albums, emails and online activities. The HD is what sold me. I have a Kindle Fire 2nd generation and I enjoyed mine so much since 2012, I looked into getting this one.
It's such a great tablet !!! Love the picture and everything about it is amazing. I'm glad I chose this one and what a great deal I got on Black Friday
Bought for a 6 years old she loves it and is always on it great starter tablet
My 6 year old got it for Christmas and is able to use it very well
Gift for daughter. She loves it. Just opened so as far as I know it will be a great purchase.
This my second kindle .. it's light and faster than my previous kindle ..came with free audio books for 30 days which is cool ... better screen .. it does seem to be long than wider .. which I'm ok with and I got this on sale for 60 .. great deal
Second one, bigger, better, easy as pie to set up.
bought two for the family and they connect easily and work surprisingly fast for a small price.
We bought this to replace my children's aging Ipads and they're very happy.
I was looking for a easy to use tablet for a beginner and this met my needs .
if you had a kindle fire 1st. this one is mush better.with all the new stuff inside .
Works very well. Cheaper than an iPad and works great for apps and video.
This was so easy to set up and the print can easily be adjusted to extra large. My 78 year old dad was really happy with his first experience with technology. He is now surfing the net and reading news online. Highly recommended.
I got 2 of these for my 8 and 9 year old daughters and I love them and so do they
Bought this Kindle because of the great price. Good thing, because I dropped the other one without the case on it and it cracked.
I purchased this as alight weight replacement for my laptop. It has accomplished everything I needed. I'm sure there will be something's I still need HP for, but this is a great tablet for what I needed. I got a case and 64gig card also. Everything works seamlessly so far.
My husband bought this on Black Friday at a really great price! He loves how lightweight this is, and offers him his email, internet functionality and books, of course. Great buy!
This was purchased an a reward for a job well done. Set up was easy and the functionality was perfect for my needs.
Daughter loves it. Everything transferred from her Kindle to the fire. She said it is unbelievable fast.
It is awesome play pokemon and clash use silk its awesome great present
I bought as a Christmas gift for my 9 year old and she loves it. It works great and my package arrived early with no issues.
One of the best tablets on the market for its value
Strong fast tablet. My 8 year old can manage it perfectly!
It is very handy great when i don't want to use a computer and i can take it anywhere
Bought it for my wife and the fire does not have to be recharged as often as the paper white. she likes it
So far it does what I want. Very happy with the price too.
Everything I needed it for. Screen is nice enough and price was right.
Very pleased with my tablet. Love that it's HD and user friendly.
I thought twice about getting this because of people saying you have limited apps but its not to limited so I am very happy. I was able to get google youtube Netflix and all the main apps I actually care about. For the price you cannot do any better. Love it so much we ended up getting my kids each one.
Best deal I have seen online. I checked Amazon and they were not as good.
Great battery life and picture quality. The camera is not the greatest but I often don't use it for the camera. I usually have my phone with me so I use that instead. Can hold a lot of books too.
We got 2 of these tablets in black Friday for a great price! its a pro if you have amazon prime, since everything around this tablet is amazon base- shopping, videos, books, and alexa.
Love the Amazon Fire HD tablet, easy to get around
These are excellent to keep on the coffee table or taking along on a trip. Can't beat the price.
Definitely worth the investment...I may get a couple of more!
Love this Kindle. It is my fourth kindle and it is best one yet.
I have had many tablets, Samsung, Asus and old Ipad. This Fire holds its own . The Silk system is not quite as speedy but the lack of bloatware is nice. There is a hack to get more google apps. It's light to hold, the ads are not invasive. I enjoy taking advantage of the Prime benefits. Simple to operate. Would recommend for everyday use and movie/reading music consumption.
Christmas gifts for 2 granddaughters. They loved there first ones. time for a update
There are better tablets, but at this price point the Fire HD 8 is outstanding.
Most people will go with a bigger more sofisticated iPad or Samsung but this is a good product for a child to pass time or someone not wanting all the bells and whistles
This Fire HD 8 is my first such device. I find it to be easy to operate and very responsive.The touch screen control takes getting used to as I often click on the wrong close part of the screen and have to go back. The Alexa voice assistant surprised me when she announcedherself over the speaker. (I shut her off since I'm not a fan of conversing with computers).My main complaint is that comes with nothing but a charger and cable. The wordless, pictorialstart up instructions were primitive and vague. There are no instructions on how to use thisdevice; no sample book to test and get familiar with. There is a help function thatfills in some basics of functionality but not thorough enough. The WiFi connectivity is great, using the latest protocol and encryption. It has a simple web browser but web time also seems to be the greatest drain on the battery. The cable can be used toattach to a Windows PC and transfer files (books, music, pictures etc). I would also recommend buying a protective case for if its ever accidently dropped.
This Fire tablet is a nice upgrade to the one I purchased 3 years ago. The screen is great, it is very fast, has lots of storage with the SD card, and just an all-around good product. And a great value.
Purchased the 8 inch Fire tablet during Black Friday and have been using it since. A great deal.
Doesn't disappoint. Nice features. Owned two prior to this one. Very nice tablet.
This is my first tablet and I'm excited about learning how to use it.
I have not used it a ton yet but I am very happy with my experience so far.
This is great for an 8 yr old. She had out grown her Nabi and likes taking pictures this does just the trick. The memory can be extended to hold more pictures. Great tablet.
I LOVE my fire! I subscribe to both Amazon Prime and Netflix, and it's perfect for those. Plus you can add additional memory cards. I have bought iPads for everyone in my house, and bought this for myself and am in heaven. The camera isn't good though, but I don't use it. For the money, this is an incredible value.
This Kindle fire is amazing. I love how kindlely and fiery it is.
Easy to use tablet. Good price. Great for beginners as well as intermediate users. Fun!
Great product simple easy to understand great value!!!!
Great all around Tablet. Does a little bit of everything along with being the best e-reader around.
Perfect for teenage tablet, perfect for homework!!
This tablet is well worth the money. It has descent performance and good screen resolution. And it is definitely a great tablet for beginners. This is the one for those who don't want to spend more on tablets.
Really great product. It's pretty good! Did what I needed?
My mom had been wanting one for a while, so this was great.
I" like it a lot, easy to use , A big improvement over the original, the price was increideble (black friday special)onclude a camera , front and rear, the quality is not as good as a cell phone, but is ok
No complaints. I just wish it played .avi, but that is not really a huge problem
After looking at several similar products, and looking at multiple reviews, the Amazon Fire HD 8 seemed like the best choice. The fact that it was on-sale one-third off on Black Friday made the final choice easy. We are very pleased with how this product works and how it met our needs for a bit larger screen. Easy for us mid-seventy year-olds to use.
Upgraded my tablet to hd, previous owned the 7" regular. I wanted a tablet so my grandkids can use instead of using my ipad. A great xmas gift.
Very user friendly and straight forward instructions great for all ages
I am very satisfied with this tablet. I use it for browsing because the screen is larger than my phone. Caught it on sale and bought two. Good value for the money. It was recommended by a friend. Get a case for it, it is easier to hold on to. The second one will make a nice gift.
This was a gift for one of my granddaughters. She just loves this Kindle. This is the second one I've bought for her. This is a bigger and newer generation with lots more options.
Fun to use and also easy for kids to use as well! Good tablet for books and games for all the family!
Great tablet, perfect size, has night mode on display so you would be able to fall asleep if using at night - won't keep you awake because blue light is filtered out. Response is great, colors IPS panel great, no blue tooth
It's a really great tablet. It even has Amazon Alexa built in, so I don't have to buy Echo or Echo Dot. I originally bought it to use as a MP3 player but has so many features, I haven't added any music to it.
Purchased these for my grandkids...and they absolutely love them. They can play play their games to their hearts' content. They ar ed really fast too.
I got this kindle because I broke my Fire 7'. It took some getting use to since the screen was bigger but overall it was a great purchase.
I love my new kindle fire HD8!!! It is a great tablet for all ages and easy to navigate!!!! I highly recommend this tablet for everyone!!
Used for internet surfing . Does a great job, it's great!
This tablet is really good for the price, especially on the holidays. If you are a movie watcher or just using it for games it has great speed with a quad core. Highly recommend so e-book as well. Very happy with my purchase I bought 3 already.
My amazon fire is amazing, it is fast and is durable.
Great table I pay cheap price is gift for my son my son is happy
The Amazon tablet line is possibly one of the best our there. The functionalities of android and windows with the ease of use equal to an Ipad
Tmtis is the second tablet I purchased for my kids. Its perfect for all the things my kids do.
I love how you can keep up with social media and watch movies online. This is fantastic!!!
My wife loves reading on the tablet. It's also great for surfing the web.
needed a tv in our kitchen, wasn't looking for huge or fancy for this. so the 32 inch was perfect for us
I bought my Fire HD just for reading. I have a Kindle Unlimited membership and wanted to keep all my books in one place. This is an amazing little tablet. How Amazon can sell these for only $89 is beyond me. And I got mine on Black Friday, so it was only $59! At that price it was a downright steal. I had the first Kindle Fire. This model is better in every way imaginable. I also own an iPad Pro 9.7". I don't try to compare the Fire with the iPad, they are completely different devices. But for what the Fire is, I love it every bit as much as I love my Pro!
Bought this for our 8 year old for Christmas. Looks like he's going to love it!
Bought this for my niece for Christmas. I'm sure she will love it!
Easy to set up. Perfect size. Easy to read font. Price was affordable. Great gift idea for the adults on my Christmas list.
Nice size tablet. Very easy to use. Love it!!!!! Beats my laptop.
This tablet is the best you can buy for the money. Great apps, great picture.
Very nice at a great price. Love Bose products. Highly recommend.
Great kindle, perfect size screen, I love using it just as much as my iPad mini and regular size iPad! Easier to travel with!
This is really nice and has great clarity I like it.
outstanding replacement tablet for my outdated and overpriced iPad 2
For what it does it's great for me a good alternative
If you're looking for a tablet to read books & surf the Internet, this is perfect.
awesome, great value, good quality product, I would recommend this to anyone
The Amazon Fire HD8 is a super fast tablet for the money. When combined with an Amazon Prime account the true value is released. We purchased tablets for nearly every family member and linked them all through one Amazon account. This becomes an unbelievable value.
This was a perfect gift for the holidays! I saw the reviews on this and immediately had to get it!
I bought this on Black Friday and I have been using it for about a month. It is faster than my Fire 7 2015 most likely due to the 1.5GB vs 1GB RAM. The screen resolution is fine though not the best. At this price I am not complaining. Amazon adds some nice features as well. The advertisements are discreet and only when the fire is turned on. Not a problem at all. Even at full price this is a good deal.
I bought this tablet for my 7 years old and love it. Great parental control, set up goals for the day, turns off at the time, I decided. Works perfectly and very fast processor
We got a great deal on Fire HD 8. My kids love playing on it.
I use most of Amazon services (Prime, Kindle, Music, Video, Alexa) and this is the best companion to access all services seamlessly. This tablet also has great features/expansion and performance.
I have an Amazon fire tablet and love it so hopefully he will also. Pretty easy to use as your first tablet.
its the best tablet that you can buy for the price and you can add a memory card to it.
The new Fire HD8 tablet is a great purchase for the price; it's fast enough for basic browsing, and you can download prime videos to watch on the go (which is why I bought it).
We use them for classes, they work great and are easy to use for our older individuals
Purchased this for my mother. She loves it, just the right size to grab and go. Great buy for the money.
I read the online reviews and compared products. Same price here as on Amazon.
This is a great product. Very inexpensive and a great gift for children.
The gift was great since I have a 10 I knew was a good present for a very deserved person!
I was a ook user and have been converted to kindle. The size is great and it is very responsive. Got one for me and one as a gift.
My nephew is 3 years old and this is a great starter tablet. He is gonna be so excited Christmas morning.
I replaced my old kindle as it took a power failure hit. The new kindle has been updated and it is easier to download the e-books. I am learning some of the new updates but it appears to be more user friendly than my old one. Customer Service for the Kindle is available 24/7 and they are very helpful. You can get a review about any book before you purchase it. No returning books to the library.
This is a new tab upgrade for me as I have had my previous Kindle for over 7 years and love it.
This was a gift for my wife. She loves it. She uses it everyday. Holds a great charge.
awesome gift and perfect for kids or older adults easy to use
I was reluctant to replace my previous Kindle Fire because I wasn't sure I would like it as well. I am pleased to say I'm loving it!
Works better than what I expected. Able to surf the net and watch movies. The battery life and screen are awesome. Bought this for under 60 bucks and looking to buy more to give as a gift
I bought this for my wife. She had a Barnes and Noble Nook, this took it's place. She uses the Kindle Fire daily from reading books and playing games to looking up things on the web. She lives it.
I'm not going to say this is the best tablet out there,but,for my wifes needs,it is perfect. It does everything she wants to do and more.
it is small enough to carry in your purse and open up a whole new world while waiting at appointments.
Looks pretty solid will update review as soon as gift is opened .
We have one for each of my children so I bought this one for my mother. They are amazing tablets especially for the price!
The best tablet for the price! All three of my children have one & they are worth it!
I bought one for my boyfriend and one for his son. It's fast and easy to use.
This was a gift and they love it! Its compact, they can surf the web, play games check emails etc
This my 2nd Kindle. I am so happy with it. The price was right and I could not resist buying another.
Bought this for someone as a gift. They are big on amazon kindle so this was a huge plus with other features and amazon store improving. They love it.I know other tablets have kindle apps but this was an awesome price.
Bought for college student as substitute for text books. Works great!
This is a Christmas gift for my granddaughter. I purchased this one because I heard a lot of good things about it and the price was great on black Friday.
Got a great deal on black friday. This is the best affordable tablet for under 100. Was able to get advertisements off from Amazon and installed playstore. Wife bought a cheaper cover for this tablet. Love the Amazon environment. Want to buy another one if they come down in price again!
My two oldest (10 & almost 8) love these tablets and I love the FreeTime subscription from Amazon!
My Aunt is 86 and has never used a computer. She does not have internet at her house. But she loves to read and loves to learn and now will be challenged while learning to use her new Kindle.
My whole family uses these tablets. We love them and with Prime it is awesome.
It works just right. My husband loves it too. It does well with my kids.
Durable, works great enjoy using it for books and audio books
My girl loved it, she loves that its linked to echo
Has worked out well. Very user friendly. Would buy again. Great price as well.
This is a great device for my sons games since he was always using my iphone.
Lots of good features for the Amazon member. Tablet is nice and fast.
Bought two for my grandkids, a 10 year old boy. He does a lot of AR reading on this kindle fire tablet for school. As well as play games. He loves it and his parents are pleased with his eagerness to read.
This is a great gift for my 6 year old nephew. He will enjoy it for hours.
Bought for my mom, shes in love with it. Use for netflix myself love the 8' great size and cpu speed.
Love my new kindle bought it to replace a 7 inch and I love it.
Works great even in OK network areas. Long battery life and easy to use. Would definitely recommend to a friend.
I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas. I own one as well and I love it.
First time with a tablet, wanted one for years just to watch Netflix and basic games. Very happy, the screen looks great and the speaker is loud. So far, so good!
The amazon fire HD is great choice for a beginner or not so tech savy person!
Excellent pick up during the Black Friday Sales. Not too big not to small. This tablet bundled up with Amazon Prime service is a great combo of inexpensive entertainment.
Works very well for light tablet use and great for reading.
Fire 8 HD 2016 is great. Very easy to maneuver. Easy to use and transition from original Kindle Fire. Much more versatile than the original. Really glad I upgraded.
I bought this item for my nephew and he loves it. I have the old version of the fire hd and I love it as well. It's way cheaper than buying an apple tablet. We haven't had any problems with it. Well worth your money
I had a kindle for about 4 years, I've been wanting a fire hd for sometimes, because of all the features. I can honestly say that I love my fire hd.
Working great as a first tablet for my grandson. He loves it
Very fast tablet. Large screen but can held by 1 hand. Great for movies and videos, as well as candy crush and other resource hogging apps. It starts CC way faster than my LG G3 phone. The display is very clear and crisp. The amazon android modified OS is good once you get used to it. I have one screen containing all apps, and you can put these in groups too. so 1 screen is all you will need. then you have the other panels for Amazon mandated stuff like Prime movies, music, pictures. It's pretty cool compared to my previous Acer 8" tablet with reg Android. Could not easily install Chrome, but I'm getting use to the SILK browser and it will work very well for my needs. Great Tablet and highly recommended.
Definitely an amazing deal at an amazing price on Black Friday weekend
Amazing product from Amazon within budget and get the best outcome of it
It was by far the best deal out there for the money very happy
Bought this for my daughter. It is inexpensive and user friendly. I use it all the time while she's at school.
Easy to use and elegant in design. Perfect Gift for Kids.
My wife and kids love it. Easy to use. Great for the price.
I bought this on Black Friday for 60 bucks and wasn't expecting too much at that price point. This isn't as good as a iPad but at that price it's pretty close and worth every penny.
still learning, previously used a nexus7. Like the larger screen. Reading kindle books on it is good too.
Makes a great gift. My children love them and never put them down.
excellent tablet for this price is wonderfull and great performance
Purchased this for my grandson. It works great and is used mainly for reading and games. Easy to setup with no problems to register and get online.
Love it fast , pictures look fab. love the battery life
fast, easy to use, very sensitive, google play store captable, I will buy again
Fire tablets never disappoints! Great price, used my certificate points which helpedAlways best price at best but
I love the light weight for the size! Fun tablet!!!
Inexpensive tablet. Funtional and great for reading. It has the blue screen that make it great for reading.
Upgraded from a6" inch Fire HD. For 89.00 I don't think you can find a better tablet value. Resolution is very sharp, audio is good, and it is a good size.
My first tablet and it is just perfect for a beginner like me. Easy to use and just the right size. I use it when I just need to check something quickly on the internet without having to turn on my desk top computer. Very fast.
great tablet for a great price and size. Would highly recommend !
The screen is a good size (portable but large enough to read) and has excellent resolution and color quality, the wireless connection is good and the user interface is relatively clear and easy to learn.
Bought two of these for my grandson and grand daughter and they love them. I like the parental controls and the apps.
I have had two previous kindles since they where first available. I really like all the new upgrades. The screen is very crisp and clean. The color is great. Much easier to look for books.
This tablet is great! Nice display, and you get the amazon eco-system. Now you can also download google play easily, so you have the best of both worlds.
I was unsure about getting a tablet but after purchasing the Amazon Fire I was convinced that I had made the right choice and have been very happy ever since. I was concerned that I had a lot to learn but it came quickly to me and I really like the screen size. It was a great buy!
We are really pleased with this tablet. The color is great.
This is a great tablet!!! I absolutely would recommend it to a friend!! I would buy it again!!
It works great for all my needs to check my emails
I have been a Kindle Fire user for years. This new one is amazing. I like being able to store information on a SD card.
We like the battery endurance. The new 8" screen is great too.
I am very happy with this tablet. It's a good size for me and easy to read and use.
Went in to look at the 10' Kindle Fire and couldn't resist the price on this one. There wasn't a big enough size difference to justify spending more than 200.00 for the 10 inch. This has been a great device so far. Battery life, ease of use, etc
I purchased this for my dad as a birthday present. I opened it and set it up for him and it works great. It's fast enough for an Internet browser, and possibly a student.
I have been wanting to purchase a tablet for light web browsing, reading, and to watch videos, something easier to carry than my laptop. This tablet is fast & the videos stream in great (as long as you have good Wi-Fi connection). Easy access to Amazon too.
This is a great tablet for kids and adults alike.!
impulse purchase but a good one. good fit with amazon account that we already had. nice screen, easy to navigate
Great for airline flights, viewing offline amazon or Netflix shows and reading books. Video quality fine for personal viewing.
It has been one of the best purchases ever. It is very simple to use.
The tablet works great so far. The parent features are nice also.
Bought it for my daughter and she loves it great product at a great price!
Easy, fast and efficient.great lil tablet in this price range for anyone.
Perfect tablet for my 8 year old without spending a fortune. I love how it has parental controls so I can limit his time playing.
Used for reading and surfing the web, this tablet is great for all. Great screen clarity.
Purchased the tablet because it was a very reasonable price. It has ended up being a good tablet.
It's easy to use and my son likes to play on it alot
perfect gift perfect price for my wife to bring her into the technilogical modern world we live in
Bought it for my 89 year old mom. She has enjoyed reading on it. Easy to use
I needed to upgrade from the orginal Kindle fire and this Fire works great. Videos,games, email and battery life all are great.
I installed a driver for google play store; also I payed amazon to get rid of the lock screen ads ($15). It was worth it. I use this thing alot.
Easy to use, great battery life, plenty of space and amazing screen quality.
Excellent product. The screen is very easy to read and can access movies, books, and ,more. Was given as a gift to my mother and she loves it.
My wife reads a ton, she uses it everyday. She's owned others and this is by far the best.
Hoping for an updated hdx kindle, but settled for this. Enjoy the expanded sd slot.
Purchased to replace the one I bought for my brother in August (physical damage). This time, bought the extended warranty. No issues or claims so far!
We are a total Apple family so I was a little hesitant to purchase this when our iPad stopped working. So glad we did because it's perfect and can't beat it for the price!
Great buy! Good value value for the money & easy to use.
This is a great option for a first tablet. It's lightweight and user friendly.
This is just an awesome tablet for the price and the features it has
I so happy I can recommend this good thanks Best Buy is the number one
My 10 year old uses it at school to scan qr codes and do his online math.
Santa got this for my 7year old. Work's great . He plays, games, gets on hulu, and can play his school education learning games. Now he doesn't bother me to use my electronic devices .
This was a perfect gift for my friend. Obsessed with reading and has been perfect for starting a greater library of books... Very easy to use and extremely affordable. Very happy with this purchase, and will buy more for family and friends!
I love it for reading magazines and checking my email.
This tablet is sturdy and great for my kids with games and learning.
I love my kindle fire it holds a library of books that I can read anywhere. I change from my kindle fire to my phone if I don't have the kindle with me. So I can start right where I am in the book and then finish up on my kindle fire when I can. I play games and listen to books all on this device. Love it
Great item, I can say it feel just like working with an iPad. Picture, sound, size and touch are very sweet.
this is a great tablet for under $100 and you can add kodi on it, to me thats the best feature and the duel sided camera
Got this as a gift for my Mom who reads a ton. She loves it for reading and great portability. Great tablet for the price.
I love it a lot and use it daily, bought books....
I got theses tablets for my grandkids for Christmas, they love them.
My granddaughter loves her tablet. She has learned how to play both educational and recreational games. Will be very helpful in the future.
Great tablet for the price easy set up and app and data transferring from the original Fire.
This was purchased for my 9 year-old to play games, watch movies, and read on. When we set it up, I was extremely impressed with the quality that we got for the price! It's processor is fast enough so that his games run smoothly. Setup was a breeze, and it's very sturdy. This is a great lower price tablet for anyone looking to own a nice tablet for an extremely affordable price.
Purchased for 4 yr old granddaughter who primarily uses for Netflix. Works great!
its very easy to set up and use. love to take it with me . screen its large enough to read easy on it
Was looking for a tablet with expandable memory that was reliable. Amazon Tablet was the best choice
The Amazon-Fire is an inexpensive WiFi device we use for answering messages and is quickly shifted from person to person as well as moved from room to room.
This tablet absolutely surprised me. The screen is awesome and the battery life is great.
I love the Fire HD. Went back and bought the Fire 7" for my wife that afternoon!
This was an awesome tablet purchased for my seven year old daughter for Christmas. Initially, I was looking to purchase the iPad mini but unfortunately they were sold out. This was my alternative and I am so glad I did. The price was perfect and the internet and app access have been great! She loves it! The only thing she misses is the FaceTime but it has not been a big deal at all!
Gecksqd. Helpful in understanding different things .
Upgrade from old Kindle Reader whose charger quit working android system easy to use
Very bright display, speedy processor, and solid feel. Impressed.
I bought this item as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter and she has loved every minute of it. It is intuitive, easy to use and she has it in her hands several times every day for everything from research for school to reading a book. Paw Paw hit a homer with this one!
Our first tablet. Purchased for my husband prior to a long train trip. Downloaded movies had Internet and was great for traveling.
Works flawlessly. Good contender to my brother's iPad. Much cheaper in price. Win for me.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 8 year old. I was a big hit. I love the 8" screen. The price was perfect for my budget.
Great price for the internal memory size. If you are looking for a good tablet, this is it!
I bought this for my 8 year old. I was a great buy. The price was affordable compared to other tablets on the market and e 8" screen is perfect. Another great buy!!!
I have an original Kindle Fire and am really enjoying my new updated version. Larger screen and very easy to navigate.
We purchased this as a gift. Researching and word of mouth led us to purchase this one. Very user friendly.
The UI experience is great, especially for Prime members. The tablet is quick and responsive with plenty of memory to ha for any task.
bought this for my elderly mother to play games, get email and pics via Instagram, etc. now she's a geek! easy to use, even for a novice and very reasonably priced. Great buy, highly recommend this.
Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my girlfriend. She absolutely loves it and uses it every day. She's very picky about electronics and she loves her tablet so it must be good!
the kindle is a great tool especially for the money. Fast processing, great screen clarity. Highly recommended
I love that I can read all my books on here and search the internet!
Being able to sign in and not have to do any setting up makes this device super user friendly!
Love the tablets. Light, Good battery life, and fast performance.
It was a fast deliver, the tablets is awsomo and it's a great service
The Kindle/Amazon Fire HD Tablet is not a high priced item but it is everything I want from a tablet. Easy to use, easy to read and easy to pay for. A great tablet
Best tablet hands down. Bigger screen and great new features. Has Alexis also. Lots of storage as well.
I love this tablet. The size fits perfectly in one hand. The display is wonderful and the loaded apps have me reading again. It is the absolute best!
With a little tweaking you can install Playstore without rooting. It's a great tablet, excellent color, fast, and battery lasts a very long time.
It is a reliable easy to use tablet. Holds charge well and provides for my needs.
I bought this for my girlfriend as a Christmas Present. She is a avid reader and has been using our ipad to read online library books. She asked me for a nook reader, but after seeing the fire....it was a no brainer to go in that direction. it is used everyday and she loves it.
My grandson love this tablet alot of great games and learning activities.
I would recommend this anytime as it's a great product it's
For the money the Kindle Fire is the best tablet on the market. I wish I didn't buy my I pad already I would have got one of these for myself.
My son loves it. There are a lot of kid friendly apps available.
I was surprised on how easy it was to use. I bought it for my mother and she totally loves it, and I do too!
Bought this to update the old one we have and so far it's been a good buy.
Great screen resolution and easy to use. Battery life is really good.
This was the perfect tablet for my wife for Christmas, she loves it. Easy to navigate and plenty of room for her favorites!
Got this tablet for my mom who isn't very tech savvy. She loves it. Can't beat the price
Hands down a great update to my first gen Kindle. Worthwhile!
I bought this to replace an older model and am very happy with the product. Mostly used for reading but also for surfing the web, facebook, etc. Love it!!
this electronic book reader is great, able to read ebooks, watch movies, play games. or browse the internet. it lets you hookup to any internet connection you want to use as long as its range
Last got Fire 7" for my kids, with an Amazon Freetime subscription. These are very good for the price with two flaws: The screen is good and much better than other Android devices at 7" but not great, and got the 8 Mb version with I would not recommend in hindsight. Because Android's sub-par management on SD cards, got these this year. It has a much better screen, not only larger but with better resolution, adequate speakers for its price, it's fast enough and overall more enjoyable to use. 16 Gb is the minimum I'd recommend, even with SD cards because some apps just work better with internal storage, and some apps even stored in SD will still use some amount of internal storage.It also has Alexa voice support.The main reason for these tablets in my case is the Freetime subscription that has unlimited access to thousands of age-appropriate books, hundreds (or thousand) of free apps and heavily curved web access per age presets. Amazon Fire OS has a decent support for multi-user and in particular kids accounts. My kids are 7 and 9. They spend a lot of time on games as expected but also read a good amount of books.
Bright screen, lightweight, great price, I love it!
Works great and has an excellent screen size. You cannot go wrong for the price unless you need to install google apps. Amazon blocks them although I have heard there are work arounds.
Great product, good speed, nice resolution for the price.
My grandbabie love their kindles this is the 8th Kindle I buy for them
I bought this for my son as a first tablet. I am impressed by the built-in parental app. It has a good level of control that I feel comfortable with. My son likes his Kindle. I think he will like it more when he gets used to having to get through the "educational" features before he can play. I admittedly need to explore the tablet more myself. That will enable me to customize the settings and the apps for him and myself.
This Kindle is the right size for travel, yet large enough to read. Love all the features and price!
Kindle Fire HD8 is great! Love the the size and the graphics. Easy to use and navigate. Perfect gift for mom!
The battery life is great.Last on a bus trip to kept he quiet.
I got this mainly to watch tv/movies. Battery life is best of all devices I have used to date.
Great product for the price! Works great and comes with ample storage.
this tablet is excellent i use it on the couch inthe bedroom and in the car too i simplty love it
We bought this tablet for our 4 year old to play games and watch Netflix. He loves it and at this price point, we're not overly concerned if he damages it. We bought a nice foam case that keeps it well protected. We're highly satisfied.
Screen size good for older people. Great resolution and easy to use.
Seems to work well. Screen quality is good. Like the size.
I bought this for my son after he broke his iPad, and I am so glad I did!! It has unlimited games and books, which has made such a huge difference in his desire to read!! Love love this tablet!!!
Bought this during black friday for $60. while I'm skeptical at first, it turns out to be a solid tablet for everyday use. Not to mentioned the great low price!
I love the size of this tablet. I have an Ipad and think I prefer this size. It's easy to carry and a great size for reading. Got it for Christmas and am loving it! I haven't tried to take any pictures yet and I didn't really purchase it for taking photos. I saw the reviews before purchasing and they were not good regarding photo quality. Again, that was not my purpose so am not too concerned at this time.
This is almost as good as my iPad mini. i love my apple iPad however this is a great backup.
Tablet is great does everythimg as it should. Great entry level tablet
This game seems to be another good addition to the Pokemon craze. My son got this for Christmas and has played it often since. He says that it's "awesome", which is high praise indeed.
So much better than my previous kindle, I've used my new kindle daily and I'm not much of a tech person. It is light weight and easy to navigate. The battery holds a good charge as well
I was looking to purchase a tablet for my kids so they could work on homework. This is just what they need in terms of capability and size. It is a great tablet for the price.
This tablet is so easy to set up and use. Very intuitive! Love love this device and all of my books can be transferred from my old version! Awesome
The reader was easy to setup for a novice reader and email user.
I gave this to my 6-year old for Christmas and it has been the perfect gift. Great price point (compared to an ipad) that can function for exactly what she needs.
This is my first Android tablet. I have used numerous Apple iPad's though.The only thing I have been dissatisfied with is that there isn't an Instagram app available but that doesn't have anything to do with Amazon or Kindle.
Got one for myself and one for my son. Like the parental settings available. No more inappropriate youtube videos. Fast, great screen and appreciate the blue light setting especially at night.
I purchased the HD 8 to use as a viewer for my Pearl RearVision camera, which requires dual band Wi-Fi and Blue tooth. I installed the programs & got everything up and working beautifully. However I was so impressed with its features, performance, and ease of use, that I've added a 128 gb MicroSD card so I can download Amazon videos for my grand kids to watch while we are on the road. The price was terrific as well, but comes with the cost of "free" ads when the you turn on the tablet. (FYI the tablet mounts magnetically to the vent holder and is removed when not in use.)
My daughter gets great use with this tablet. She loves to read so she gets best of both worlds. She can get her books and surf the web. Fsntastic buy
This product is easy to use and take along with you
We got this for our 9 yr old daughter and its perfect for her. There hasn't been any issue with the games and educational apps she uses.
I was in the middle of moving and didnt want to get a new labtop and found this Amazon Fire for a good price. Ive been very happy with it. If your looking for a cheap easy to use tablet look no further.
This is a very good product my kids do homework on it
Bought this for our 6 year old daughter and she uses it daily. She enjoys watching movies on it and playing learning games. So far it has been very durable and battery life has been great.
Bought this for my husband at Christmas. He is VERY happy with it and It keeps him out of my hair. Bought one for our young son too. Now i can breathe. LOL. We've had no issues with them and has more than met our expectations. Well worth the money & a VERY good deal!
My son wanted a tablet just for his books. We looked at e-readers and tablets, this was so much better and the price was perfect.
This tablet is replacing an older model and the updates are wonderful. I can handle most media on this tablet and the resolution is great. I like the change of the camera to the back of the kindle instead of the front screen; now I can see what I'm aiming at! Easy to use and can't beat the price.
Love the kindle and the price was excellent. I would recommend it.
Bought 2 of these tablets for my kids. They love them and easy to use.
This is a great tablet for anyone easy to use!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Amazon Fire HD 8 Tablet: With a vivid 8 touch screen and access to Amazon Underground, this tablet makes it easy to watch movies, play games or catch up on your reading with personalized recommendations. Cloud storage offers simple access to your content from anywhere.
Love this tablet daughter uses it mainly and she really likes it good for reading and games as well as web surfing meets all needs !
Bought this for my father in law who is not tech savvy. The free "May Day" feature is the best part- I don't get called for tech support all of the time.
Got this when they were on sale last year and love it!I use it primarily to read and get emails with some surfing. It has worked flawlessly for these applications.
Nice tab and worth for its money..got this from best buy during thanks giving and gifted to my friend...
I bought this tablet on Black Friday, when it was on special for my little girl. I wasn't expecting much from the tablet... boy was I surprised by its capabilities! Love the tablet!
I love my new Kindle. Use it everyday. It is easy to use and understand I chose this a tablet.
Long battery life, good screen, reasonably fast.gaming.
Got it for my 9 year old son for his Common robot, he loves it, it's very easy to use and for the price well worth it
Got this kindle as a Christmas present for my mother and she absolutely loved it. She enjoys reading at night but hates how dim the lights are when she reads a book. This was a perfect compromise!
This is a very good tablet for the price, especially for Amazon Prime members. The display is very sharp and so far the battery life is excellent!
Got this for my wife for Christmas, wasn't sure she would use it. Turned out to be a great gift. Perfect for email, facebook with the Kids, get's her bookclub book delivered instantly from Amazon. And good battery life with a sharp picture.
Can't beat the quality and performance of this tablet for $60. I bought it to be my main link with my Amazon Prime. But used it last week instead to download Direct TV app so I could use it to watch the FBS championship game. It worked great but it couldn't help my bama team win.
Great tablet, sturdy, excellent screen quality. Amazon has done a fantastic job of making their tablets user friendly. Excellent for reading books or playing games. Would highly recommend.
Good price, easy to work and the Grandkids loved .
They just keep getting better. This is great for the beginner or pro
The screen size is good and the HD pictures are clear. I also like the camera photos. They are better than my cell phone camera. The size of the pictures are great. I would recommend this Fire HD for the ease of use.
The amazon fire hd8 is awesome! Easy to navigate, color is beautiful
Amazon Fire HD8 is great for browsing and reading. GPS system not that great though.
This is the best thing for reading specially on the go.
Purchased this as a Christmas gift for an adopted family. The teenager absolutely loved it!
This was bought as a replacement for my wife's previous kindle. She is loving the larger screen and the fact that it has a camera.
Nice tablet, gives different choices for readers. Easy to use.
Bought the tablet on Black Friday to replace a 4 year old Nexus 7. Liked it so much that I purchased another a week later at full price. Bright clear screen, good battery life, expandable memory, fast and easy to use. No complaints.
Bought it for myself. It is everything its advertised to be. Works great; especially if you are a Amazon Prime member.
This product met my needs perfectly. It was easy to set up and portable to use anywhere.
I bought this tablet during black friday for 60 dollars and it is well worth the price. Definitely an upgrade from the first gen tablet.
This watch is not only very useful, it's very cute and comfortable. I love the fitness aspects-it motivates me to be more active. I also enjoy the "smartwatch" abilities. I can read my text messages without anyone knowing it! Also, the battery last a few days at the very least.
Best Buy has a good price structure for the Kindle Staff members were very helpful
This was a gift for my wife and she has truly enjoyed it. The different lighting for reading so helpful.
Very user friendly. For the price best deal out there.
Amazon is great tablet and the price is excellent great
Have a 7", wanted a bigger screen. This is perfect and price was great.
If you're main purpose is shows, books, light web browsing/social media, and light gaming -- this is the perfect tablet. Very friendly price. Nice construction.
Bought as a reading tool for my daughter. She enjoys it and also the fact that she can download apps. Great tool for school and fun
Great tablet for the price, it was a Christmas present and so far so good!
Easy to use and the HD is awesome. The simplicity as well as the easy to follow directions to set it up is great. It does everything I want it to do.
Great products as usual and great customer service
Love love love my kindle fire. Had the original and then bought and iPad then bought this kindle and I am wondering why I even bought the iPad. Will not switch again. I will stick with my kindle.
ok i did like the product very much thank you for ok
I recommend this tablet !!! I like it a lot , perfect size and perfect price
Bought for Xmass for my wife. She is not electronic competent, but found is easy to use.
This is a excellent tablet for browsing the internet and reading ebooks and for the price you can't beat it..
Loved the product. First I was disappointed that I could not download Google Store apps but a Quick Google Search fixed that Issue and now I can download any Google Store Apps. The Battery Life is amazing as I was able to Watch around 4 Full Movies on a Single Charge. Performance is great as Games like Marvel Champions Modern Strike Online had no issues. Able to add an SD Card is just perfect as I dont have to worry about Storage for downloading Movies or Apps. Speakers are better then my Samsung Galaxy S7. For the Price point of this Tablet there is not a single thing to Complain. If I have to Brightness of the Screen can be better.
Gifted this to my Mom primarily for reading books. Able to check out e-books from our local library. Works great. She also uses this for Skype, e-mails and Facebook. Her grand kids also use it - downloaded few games and play. Bought this during Black Friday sale and was an even better deal. It is a good tablet.
My grandson loves it . He was very happy with it .
My wife loves it. Great picture quality and easy to use
I have a couple of iPads and decided to get this for general browsing, movie watching etc. Very pleased with the overall package. An added bonus is the very nice Amazon integration.
This is just the perfect item for what we needed. It is compact and can go anywhere with you.
She says this was the best gift she ever received.
Love the new Fire - great for books, games, and getting online! Easy to use features and perfect size screen to take on the go!
great tablet, simple to use, just love it.compatible with other amazon products.
4th amazon product I own it is a great budget tablet.
Bought this for my wife for Christmas (a perfect gift, if I do say so myself), and seeing the joy that it brings her on a near daily basis makes me want one for myself. Alas, it will be another six years in the sequin mines outside Nashville until I can save enough to get another one. But someday...
I put a memory card in this and put the Play Store on it (Google it). I use it as a mini office with a Bluetooth keyboard. I love it.
This is an awesome tablet, fast, great HD display and has all the apps I need for personal entertainment. If you look for a great tablet for entertainment, surfing the net, or reading your e-mail, this is the best you can have. I also purchased a 128 GB SanDisk Ultra Plus memory card. I strongly recommend it, not for work but its great for entertainment.
bought this for my son(12), and he loves it. Constantly on it. Got a great price during the holidays. Completely satisfied.
This Amazon Fire is perfect for what I need - nice screen and memory size, really nice apps preinstalled and it's just ready to use! The Black Friday price was beyond wonderful!!!!!
Gifts for 4 yr old grandsons very easy for them to maneuver around.. great charge life. We have to force.them to take breaks.
I bought this tablet for myself for Christmas! I've enjoyed the ease of use and the price I paid was great. In fact, I purchased another for my son for Christmas.
This is perfect for kids. The parental controls make me feel secure in letting my child use the tablet safely.
this works great if you use amazon a lot and watch movies from amazon
Bought this as a gift for my aunt and she loves it. Easy to get connected and set up. She is totally non-techny and was able to do it herself. Great buy!
Was looking for an inexpensive tablet for our child. Got this while on sale and ordered a screen protector and child case. Has worked well. Can set daily limits to prevent them from using to much. Would buy again.
Bought it on sale for Christmas gift and we'll worth the money. Does everything needed with good functionality. Easy to use for those not too tech savvy.
Bought this as a gift - they seemed to like it. The price was nice and so was the size of it.
Purchase this tablet during the Christmas holidays on sale. Got as a gift for my job's Christmas gift party. The person who got it was very happy with it. I am familiar with the tablet because I bought one for my wife when they first came out for her to use to read her books.
Good tablet for book reading and audio books, many good apps to chose from. Very good for picking up e-mail when traveling. I'm still finding more ways to use it. Only had it about a month.
This is a great little tablet especially for the price.
I bought the Kindle Fire HD as a Christmas gift for my mom. She has never had a computer or Kindle. She loves it. Best gift I gave her. She plays a lot of games on it. That keeps her mind working. Love the size of screen.
Purchased for my nephew for Christmas. He loved it and really enjoy it for playing games and reading books.
Purchased this for my nephew. He loved it and can't stop playing with it.
I bought this as a light-weight alternative to an iPad for collecting and enjoying Kindle and Amazon Video products. When combined with the dedicated Fire cover, it's low price along with a very readable screen and the option for a Micro SD card make it an excellent choice for travel and time spent in waiting-rooms, etc., allowing lots of memory space for ones library as well as flexibility regarding how it is held or positioned.
Easy to use, fast, sleek and battery holds good charge , happy with it
Very easy to use and navigate. Perfect size to carry in my purse and still a good sized screen to watch movies.
This product is very user friendly and it is very lightweight
This was bought primarily for photos. I added the 128 card. Putting in the 128 card might have been a little tricky but the sales rep did it for me. My wildlife photos look brilliant on the tablet. I'd recommend making a Geek Squad appt for about an hour after you plan to buy the tablet. That way you learn how to use it before leaving the store. Also I got one that had been returned but all the parts still had the plastic wrap on them. That made it $100 less and hence the "great deal" in the title. It may pay to ask about a return. I plan to take some of the free classes offered.
It was well worth the Black Friday price! The screen is so clear, it is easy to handle especially for people with not so big hands, easy and fast when navigating.
This is an awesome tablet. it is fast with great pictures!
Price was right, great tablet for playing games and reading
Tablet works great. Nice big size good battery power. No problems using it.
Great buy for the money, no complaints. Highly recommended.
I am very happy with the kindle fire hd 8. it is very easy to use.
I bought this for my mother for Christmas. She is not the most technological advanced individual. She really wanted a tablet and this one works great and is super easy to use. I went to program it for her and she insisted on doing it herself. She was able to no problem!
I bought this tablet for my 9 year old. Easy to use and awesome graphics. Easy for adults to manage apps and parental controls.
Great tablet for the price point....especially if you are big Amazon user.Expandable memory is a great feature.
My teenager loves to read and we purchased it for her. Great purchase!
works great for reading or playing games it connects to the web fast and responds very well
I got this on black Friday for my mother and so far she enjoys it. It was to replace her iPad mini 1 that they have basically designed to become in operable within 2 years. She can add storage to the Kindle, the picture is fire, and she can read a plethora of books that suit her fancy. It's nice size and responsive.
Convenient and way to use. First tablet for me. Very happy.
I love this! I use it daily! And I love the fact that I can add a ad card for more memory!
Kids got the kindle fire for Christmas, pretty happy with it.
Nice size screen. Very fast easy to use nice size nice screen
I love my old kindle, but after a few years and drops the power button doesn't like to work a lot of the time. So took advantage Black Friday deal to replace the one that is going out.
Basically, the tab's features are good. There are huge Amazon collections. Kids can be allowed to use it without parents monitoring as parents control feature is good. Several useful Amazon products are offered free of charge. I hope that It is worth for the money value.
I love the kindal because i am a reader. i able to check out books from library through overdrive but if i get an alert about world event i simply go to ond of the news app's and get the latest headline. Great price.
I love reading my books on this, and the Alexa flash briefings each morning before I go to work at top notch
The kindle fire hd is a wonderful tool as well as a device for entertainment. The beauty of the kindle fire is the price. I look forward to buying updated devices.
love it, can do alot of stuff on it, would recommend fire hd8 to everyone
This is the 3rd Kindle Fire that I have purchased. This one is much faster and more user friendly. We just bought our 2 grand daughters and 2 grandsons a Kindle Fire with the youngest 8 yrs old. He has it mastered already. Great tablet for a good price.
This is an awesome product love the flexibility it has with not only book reading but other apps as well.
My daughter loved it nd I love that she leaves my phone alone now.
We ordered one for each of our 2 boys (ages 7 and 5) as Christmas gifts. They love them. Setup took a bit of time to get the Amazon store and parental controls, but well worth the time once its was all set up. We set it all up before wrapping them so the kids could enjoy them right away. It's their favorite gift this year.
Easy to use and great quality. All 3 of my kids have a Kindle Fire
I bought this e reader for myself and I love it. The price was great and the product is nice.
I love the fact that is very practical and I didn't have to spend a lot of money.
Got this kindle on black Friday for a great price. It is a good performer at a great price. I use it as a nice versatile tablet, not just for kindle bok reading.
Wow this tablet for the price of 40$ at the time what a value. Works very well, easy to use, great for beginners.
This is a great tablet plus you can't beat this price.
I got this tablet on Black Friday. It was a great price, and being a Prime member, it has become my favorite entertainment venue on the go. The screen's not as sharp as an iPad or Samsung tablet, but for the price I got it for and its entertainment value, it can't be beat.
This tablet was a gift to my daughter because she's an avid reader and anime watcher. She has been nothing but excited since she opened it and there have been zero complaints.
Got an unbelievable deal!! The best part is having a library of books at my fingertips!! Easy and simple to set up and great when I'm traveling!!
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! Works great for YouTube, Netflix and adding a few games. Easy to learn how to use and no "accidental" purchases can be made if you use the option to switch user accounts.
My boys love their new tablets due to the cool features, books, apps and games. I love the parental controls, processor speed, battery life and light weight. Combined with a great discount at Best Buy and you get a win, win, WIN!
I've had kindles since they first came out love it
I got this for my sister as a gift. So far so good. The price was just right.
I used daily and its works awesome, the price and performance are good I suggested to my friends , bought last yrs as well gave to my dad, he loves it.
the kindle is all way a good product for the money the hold family have one just got me the 10' and love it get a Kindle and same money at the same time
I purchased this Fire Tablet as a Christmas gift for my husband. He is learning to use it and so far likes it really well. He hasn't downloaded any books yet but he now has an email address and will soon have a Facebook account. His brothers & sisters live around the country so now he will be able to keep in contact with them.
Purchased for my granddaughter and it was a great investment.
This little $60 tablet is really good for reading ebooks and watching netflix
This replaced my old original kindle fire. What a great upgrade.
Easily added apps including Google Play store... Not rocket science. Battery life is phenomenal, great for cross country flights.
My husband and I were looking around for a tablet for our daughter. We wanted something that she could use easily and we wouldn't have to worry about what she was doing. With the different profiles and parental controls available we have enjoyed our choice of this tablet.
First of all, this is not an iPad or a more expensive android tablet, but it's a very good tablet for the money. I own an iPad Pro and iPad Air 2, yet this tablet has a place in my home. If you're buying for kids, I wouldn't buy anything more expensive than this. Good screen, fast enough, and amazon's underground free apps are a huge plus.
I love it.....................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Unit works exactly as described. A very good buy.
Kids love it. Easy setup was ready with in minutes
It's nice really nice. Go buy one for your grandma. She will give you a real big hug.
I have been using this for a bit now. It's wonderful. I also have another tablet but use the kindle exclusively for reading. The kindle works extremely. If you use amazon prime this is a no brainer.
Great speed and function for a small price. Does what I needed.
I would recommend to others great playing games reading surfing the Internet.Camera works very good and easy upload photos when needed.
This tablet works as expected. I would recommend this tablet to anyone who needs a new tablet with great battery life.
Very good tablet my child enjoys it very much, the battery life is very good although he takes it for his games
Delivers as advertised. Very fast performance and the kids love it
Absolutely love the tablet. My wife loves it. Much more enjoyable than playing on the phone.
Now all 5 of my children have a kindle. This one is by far the best one.
Met and exceeded all expectations! Easy to use, perfect size, arrived when expected and an excellent value.
awesome tablet. wonderful upgrade from the first kindle fire
Grandkids each got one and they love it. Step up from original Kindle.
I recieved this as a present for my birthday, so far it has been great. I have bought several books and it makes a great Ebook reader.
This is a great tablet for the price I paid. My husband loves it!
I was always an IPad person but after having this I'm fine with it. It's easy to use and inexpensive.
Purchased for mother in law as a Christmas gift and she loves it. She had a version 1 and she loved. She loves the better sound, picture and speed of the newer version.
Purchased two Fire8 tablets for my children. My son loves it for reading books from library and my daughter loves listening to audio books.They both were not sure they would like the tablet but they really love them.
Love the HD8 the extra inch makes a huge difference over the HD7.
Product worked as described. No issues with performance, and it was a simple setup! Perfect for web browsing and videos.
I love my tablet. It is super easy and loads fast.
Perfect size for me. Speaker clarity is amazing and produces a great picture
This is a great tablet without the steep cost of an iPad. I haven't used it too much so far but the picture and sound is pretty good and being able to stream movies/shows is quite nice.
This is a great value product and is (for me) an equal to an ipad.
This is my third kindle fire. It is lightweight and unobtrusive. I use it mostly for reading however I have had no issues using it for web browsing or for playing games. Overall a good little tablet for the price.
This was a Mother's Day gift from my son. I had wanted one for awile. It has surpass my expectations. I love it.
Perfect if you're looking for the basic necessities of a laptop. Only negatives no yahoo apps, no google apps, no apple app, but it's still awesome.
I love my Amazon fire. I purchased one for my 17 year ol and she uses it to view Netflix,Hulu and you tube. I shop,email, surf the net and pay bills with mine:-)I bought an extra and downloaded my fire1. Now I have a fire 1 and a fire 2. My fire 1, my husband uses, so for back up I have a fire 2. It takes nice pics as well. The fire will make a very nice gift for someone oh, don't forget your free books you can download!!
Late gift for my grandson. He is very happy with it. Easy for him (9yo ).
Great tablet for a great price. No need to purchase an overpriced tablet for children
I haven't had my Fire long enough to have explored all it has to offer. I've downloaded a couple of audio books that sound great and are easy to install and play. Not my way to watch movies or TV but the screen is nice. Very clear and sharp. Audio is just OK from the speakers, you'll want some nice head phones or buds for music or movies. I really like the Fire 8, it seems like a lot of gadget for the money.
I use this tablet often. It is the perfect size. The battery last a long time. The quality is great for the price
Love my purchase of my Amazon fire Hd 8. It was a very good experience
Love it, vivid HD color, it replaces other devices I have. Watch movies, play games, read e books.
the salesgirl was very knowledgeable and helped me pick out the right tablet for my needs. It works well as promised.
It was great and great for the kids and adults thanks
I bought this item for one of my interns and she loved it.
it's a great tablet for the money. I would buy another.
Works great for my teenage son. He uses it for reading, playing games, and watching movies
I love this kindle works great for me I will be ordering another one today for my wife.
 I needed a tablet to keep at the hospital during overnight stays so I decided based on price to get the kindle 8 and I am pleased I did! For only $89 the bright picture, sound, storage, and ease of use is well worth it.
I broke my Fire 7 and decided to move up to the 8 and could not be more happy.
I bought this for reading but love the extras. Works great! Great reading options.
Absolutely love my kindle. There was a glare on the screen when I was out in the sun, but once my eyes got adjusted it was just fine!
I love my new kindle. It was a birthday gift to myself. Best decision I could have made. A lot of bells and whistle. I love it because it was to navigate. Heck, I am doing this review on my kindle.
I like the size of the device as well as the expandable storage
Bought this for my wife to replace her old one and she loved it
wonderful, I have 3 more at home, worth the money.
It's a nice updated tablet. No problems yet. Decent price for what you get
This tablet was inexpensive, very lightweight, and performs just as good as the more expensive ones.
Great product... easy to use! Compatible with everything I want to use it for.
Bought this for my son,, the size is perfect not too small not too big. Kid friendly..and easy to use. Overall o rate it 5 stars..no problems to list
This is a great tablet for people that are new to tablets and do not want to spend much money on it.
It's a very nice tablet and very economic tool, my kids enjoy it and I love the parental controls too
Our daughter loves her new tablet. It has a bigger screen more features and she just enjoys being on it. The kindle is priced right and is easy to use. She was able to get her apps transferred to her new tablet in no time. Great investment.
Best tablet for the money and then some, loads fast, good quality graphics too.
Great for travel when you want to read in vacation.
I really love my kindle its easy to handle to. I have 3.
I love my amazon fire tablet. It's great to watch movies on and surf the web.
My wife broke her kindle, so we tried the fire and she has loved it!
I enjoy using this Kindle fire 8". The apps are easy to install, the screen is a great size. I can even use it without my glasses.
Got this tablet for my mother and liked it so much that I went and got one for myself! It runs fast for what I use it for!
Excellent value, great product. It has a really solid feel. I am very happy with the purchase.
Great apps,ease of use,love the 8in screen, camera not that great, better pics on phones
this a great tablet, my grandaughter uses the kindle settings for her little girl who is in pre school
This is an upgrade we purchased for Mom. She was able to use it with no problem. Alot like her previous Kindle
Works great!! Would recommend for anyone looking for a good product. Very kid friendly!
This is perfect for him! Bought it as a reader for his books, which we either download from Amazon Prime or the local public library. Nice quality screen resolution, ease of use and durability are a plus.
Really love my Fire HD. Very easy to browse the internet. Is an excellent EBook Reader. Amazon apps are great!
The screen is big and the Kindle is easy to navigate. Having Amazon prime definitely makes it worth the investment
Bought this for my elderly non-tech friendly mom. Because it's so user friendly she's able to navigate it and enjoy its features without assistance.
This screen on the hd8 is a huge improvement over the past kindle or fire devices. The operating system is sometimes glitchy, but overall a nice system for the money.
Affordable and kid friendly. My kids watch videos and play games on these a lot. Lots of apps, games and books to choose from!
These two boys were thrilled with the Fire tablet. Every time I see them they are glued to the tablet. They both have said it is the best present EVER. Extra points to the grandfather on these gifts!
This is a great Amazon Fire HD8. I love the size. So much better than my first Kindle.
has good download speed. great color and clarity. sound also very good
Bought for grandson ,he loves it's! He uses it daily after home work done.
I love this Kindle Fire....I bought it as a reader but really about the only thing I can't do on it is make phone calls. Great price for a great product.
got as a replacement for young child. worked well for him.
This is a great value tablet, great screen great apps. Highly recommend for media/games. I'll probably buy another
Easy to use and has a lot of games and books available. Good memory and you can't beat the price!
I bought this for a gift and my little niece got in love with it
Glad I upgraded to the Fire Kindle as it is much easy to read on than the black and white Kindle I had previously. The color and graphics are very clear. It is easy to work on for many tasks, and the search mode is great.
This is our first tablet, we were looking for a tablet to get us started and this is nice and inexpensive way to get started. We will use this for a while to get used to the whole app thing.
Can't believe I waited so long to get a real e-reader. So easy to read from.
I loved my old kindle but this new kindle is easy to use and has added security that I didn't have with my old kindle.
Great for games and reading. Price was great. Great battery life. Well worth the money.
Its awesome and of course better than the last gen. Love the HD screen.
This tablet has worked perfectly since I got it in April. The special offers are only on the lock screen and it works with all my apps. It's very responsive and the screen resolution is great.
Easy to use and great selection of books movies and games.
We got these as an upgrade for the kids' Kindle Fires. Work great and have had no issues.
I bought one and gave this one as a gift- much appreciated and great price.
I needed something that's not an ipad for basic app use and it works great, minimal glare even with a screen protector (again, it's not iPad, but it's good for a tablet)
Very easy to use and does everything I need it to do. I use it to read emails and watch Netflix
Goo graphics and easy to use. Does much more than you think. A perfect gift.
It reads my textbooks to me while I play card games. Why did I wait so long to buy this thing? I should add that I am an Amazon Prime member so that might be needed to take full advantage of this feature. Cortonna will read all of my books to me. I didn't have to upgrade my books or pay extra per book.
This is a very responsive device for the amount paid
8 years old daughter is happy with this tables,work very well with wifi and is easy to download app.
Purchased for book reading but works well as a tablet. Wasn't thinking that it would be a full replacement for my old IPad but working well as one.
I was looking for a kids tablet for my grandson but this one is so much better because it can grow with him and it has a kids mode on it which is really nice so he can't order or go online without permission. He loves this tablet and it's very well build .
We bought the Fire as an easy way for our 97 year old mother to see pictures of the family from all over the country. It was very simple to set up and learn to use. She plays games on it, as well......
My 8 year old niece cracked her screen on her former tablet, I needed to get her a replacement. This tablet fit the bill exactly, a great screen, relatively fast CPU, and best of all, it's cheap!I was able to find instructions online for installing Google PlayStore, in which I then gave her the tablet. She loves it!
I love the Amazon HD8! It is a great tablet for reading and surfing the web! It has a fast processor and amazing resolution. I would definitely purchase this product again.
Great but I wouldn't use it for a sole purpose as being my primary tablet
A perfect tablet at a reasonable cost. Why pay higher prices for bells and whistles you don't use. The back lit feature is great for reading in low light conditions.
Bought this for my daughter. She loves it. Wifi connection is great. She mostly uses YouTube and google. Love the easy way to control parental accounts from my account. Very useful. I did buy a cover to put on it, because it's so thin, I was afraid it would break.
I bought this tab for my daughter's birthday.its got a good screen and sound for the price. I also play for the children's app freetime which is perfect for her.
I needed a kindle for my schooling so I decided to look into this and read some reviews. After reading the reviews I decided on this kindle and it is perfect compared to my other tablet.
Easy to use, light weight, fits in a small purse or bag.
still learning new things about my tablet. very easy to use.. perfect size.
We have been using our Kindle Fire 7 for years and it wore out. We looked at replacing it with another Fire 7 until I saw the Fire 8. The display is great and the weight is not that big of a difference.
Enjoy the multifaceted opportunities that are available with the Kindle
This tablet is very easy to set up and use- it's just as advertised.
My 10 year old daughter loves it. Battery great to
Several friends suggested I buy the Kindle Fire. I love it!! Great for traveling! I can check my email, update my Facebook status and read all from one device.
I had a new one but it stopped working....So I just went and bought a new one. Works great!!
Very lightweight and portable with excellent battery life.
Replacing older reader without a light and traveling overseas soon. With electronics in the cabin under scrutiny, this very small and very lightweight reader fits the bill! Perfect in small purses and large pockets. I can read without annoying seatmate with cabin overhead seat light. Easy to hold in either hand and screen adjusts for whichever direction you're holding it.
The new Kindle is a great gift and fantastic entertainment idea.
Met all my expectations! Lightweight and compact. I enjoy using the product.
I thought long and hard about upgrading from my paperwhite, but decided to do so despite not beating able to actually see one in the store. I have owned a Kindle since the second generation version. This is by far my favorite. The look and feel are amazing. I don't regret the purchase one bit as I have the disposable income to do so, but for most the paperwhite will more than suffice at a significantly smaller price point.
I own a Kindle HDX 8.9 and wanted something small and portable... WOW is all I can say when I got my hands on the Kindle Oasis ( Thank you Babes :) ). The Kindle Oasis is very tiny, portable & fits in about anything from a jeans back pockets to a very very small purse! The clarity of the screen is awesome. The touch of it works perfect! Very different than my HDX BUT I HIGHLY RECOMMEND it! A little more pricey than the paperwhite BUT this one already comes with the case and a built in battery in the case so you are set for long time reading & the price is fair since the others you would still have to buy a case for it! Keep in mind the case for the oasis is leather and you can choose from black, brown and red (red was my choice., which to me it's not red it's more of a wine red color) it's beautiful! Picture shows My Kindle Oasis in the middle of the IPhone 7 Plus (left) & Samsung S8+ (right) so you can get an idea on the size... it's super cute! It's tinier than the Kindle paperwhite!
easy to read books this way. enjoyable at night in the bedroom or outside in the afternoon.
This is my second Kindle and I couldn't be happier . I couldn't believe I would be happy with something so small , but it is great And easy to take along anywhere .
I started to buy the Voyage but when I saw how close the price was to the Oasis, I decided to go ahead and buy the Oasis. So glad I did! I love the case and the physical buttons to turn the page. It is so lightweight and I love the option of the screen rotating whenI need to change hands. Awesome device!
Was afraid to spend so much money for a kindle but so far I am glad I did. Love everything about it. The buttons to turns pages, screen resolution, lighting, how easy and light it is when you hold it. Case is beautiful. Enjoy reading on it.
Upgraded from my old Kindle keyboard. I love the ability to adjust brightness and font. I have small hands and this is not too big to hold in one hand. I was able to change the page turning buttons for left handed use. The charging cover last a long time. I wish there were more colors to choose from.
This Kindle reader with cover attached is light weight and easy reading. Page turner is easy to use and it reverses so you can hold with either hand. I am very happy and satisfied with this product. Happy reading -
Very nice Kindle with a great Battery life. My old kindle was not able to upgrade so I got the new Kindle and very pleased with the product. Arrived as promised from BESTBUY.COM.
This is a great device. It is ultra light, and a pleasure to use. It also has a very satisfying premium feel. The price, of course, is not worth it.. unless you can afford it. There are cheaper models of the kindle with similar screen resolution....but if you CAN afford it, I highly recommend it.
lightweight and convenient to use. love my new kindle
Kindles are an excellent device for all book lovers
As a previous several Kindle device owner I read a lot of reviews, many of them put the Voyage above it for various reasons, mainly price, or battery charging. But, after reading the pros and cons of both I still decided the Oasis was the direction I wanted to go, I could always return it and get the Voyage after all if I didn't like it. It's light, very well lit, comfortable to hold both in the case and out of it. The buttons improve the page turning experience, I see no dark areas on my screed from the LED lights, it holds a great battery charge (true not as good as my previous Kindle, but I still generally get around 3 weeks between charges), and it looks absolutely beautiful. I am very happy with this purchases and am glad I purchased the Oasis over the Voyage. It's expensive, and that's the major con, but if you want the best reading device this is it and worth it if you read enough.
New to eBooks and researched available eReaders and tablets. What I like best about the OASIS is the weight (lightest on the market), battery life (measured in weeks not hours) and the capability to use it in bright sunlight. Recommend it for all.
I am a book addict and this is my 4th kindle device. This is by far the best one. It is so compact it is almost smaller than my large wallet. Can fit anywhere. Holds a charge incredibly well and very nice display to make reading fun.
I read a lot and have loved my kindle paperwhite and used it all the time. I didn't think it could get any better! I read all about the kindle Oasis and it sounded great but the price was freaking me out and I kept thinking I really didn't need it! Well I finally talked myself into just trying it and after just taking it out of the box and holding it I was sold. It is so lightweight and so easy to hold and the screen is wonderful! The charging case is so convenient and so easy to take off and put on and it really looks nice. I never keep it on when I'm reading which keeps the kindle oasis light. I am so glad that I went for it and bought it. I want to read more than ever now. It is always in my purse. Believe me, I am not made of money in the least but I am so glad that I purchased this. If you are an avid reader you will be too!
've owned the Kindle Keyboard, 2nd generation Paperwhite and now the Oasis. I love the Oasis very much. The ergonomic design is wonderful and makes it a breeze to hold. It is so light -- that is the biggest killer feature of the Oasis. The 10 LEDs look fantastic and I love the return of page buttons. I've never had one where the screen is flush with the bezel so this is great. All in all, this is easily the best Kindle ever made and even though it's a bit spendy, it will be the one future Kindles are measured against.
I have had every kindle since the first and this is by far the best. The screen was already great on the Voyage but the front light on this screen is more white and more evenly distributed. Physical page turn buttons are so much better than none or the haptic feedback type. They didn't include the automatically adaptive front light for some reason but I don't think I'll miss it much as I was always wont to fiddle with it on the Voyage anyway.But this device made me smile as soon as I held it for the first time because it has a larger bezel that you can really grip comfortably without touching the screen. Maybe this isn't a big deal for most, but that is exactly why I spent the money to get this device.The other thing I was hoping for was the ability to use the upper page turn button to go forward and this device does that and even better because it is software configurable.The cover is very small and light and doesn't add much bulk like the Voyage Origami case does. The only downside is that it doesn't work as a hands free stand for reading.(I still wish it was waterproof)
BestBuy delivered this on the day of release. Amazon still seems to be back-ordered. It is a great product. Nice and light with uniform screen and snappy performance.
Kindle Oasis is phenomenal... It is portable size so it fits almost anywhere when I travel, the book-like screen doesn't bother my eyes after long periods of time of reading, I can modify the font and size to my wants and needs, you can conveniently connect to your Goodreads account to view your bookshelves and all of my purchases sync perfectly. The color Merlot is beautiful and I've had it for three months and traveled with it and there have been no damages. The battery life is so long I have only charged it three times since owning it and I read anywhere from 3-5 hours a day. Completely user friendly.
Small, light, but comfortable to hold with either hand. If you keep it in airplane mode with medium lighting, the battery last for weeks. Lovin' it so far.
Almost feels like reading a book in a light comforting way. Easy to carry around. Great on eyes and reading is enjoyable
When they first announced the Kindle Oasis, I did not have much of a desire to upgrade from my 1st generation Kindle Paperwhite. Just as I felt when they announced the Voyage.I read a lot, so my Kindle travels with me throughout the day most of the time. I have never had an issue with battery life, I have only had it get really low a few times (typically when I was traveling). So again, I originally did not see a lot of the value to the Oasis.As the reviews for the Oasis came out, I started to realize what I did not like about my Paperwhite, and I began to have an interest in upgrading my Paperwhite to the either the Oasis or possibly the Voyage. The main thing I noticed is that I took my Paperwhite out of the Amazon case quite a lot, especially when I was in a seated position. This slight reduction in weight made it much more comfortable to hold for longer reading sessions. I had some other minor issues with my Paperwhite, like when reading in the dark, I couldn't find an adjustment for the light that I preferred (5 was a little too dim and 6 was a brighter than I needed). I decided to pass on the Voyage because I really did not like the case options and the pressure sensitive page turn option.Now that I have the Oasis, I definitely think it was worth it for me. I really appreciate the reduced weight when the cover is off (not to mention the ease of removing the cover compared to the Paperwhite). It provides the same reading experience, although I did get a resolution upgrade compared to my older Paperwhite, which is a plus.The Oasis is really comfortable in my hand, which helps me forget that it is there. When I was holding my Paperwhite with my left hand, at times I would accidentally go back a page, which drove me crazy even though its just a minor inconvenience.I have the black model because it was the only option available unless I was willing to wait a few more months. The build quality of the Oasis and its case is very nice, just like with the Paperwhite and the amazon leather case for it. The only concern I have is how well it will protect the Kindle. I will update the review if I find this to be a problem.I loved my Paperwhite, and I will recommend it to anyone looking to upgrade from an older Kindle or buying one for the first time. It definitely is great and the better buy, but I am glad I decided to order the Oasis. The reduced weight, ergonomic design, and page turn buttons make it worth the added cost.
I debated buying the new Kindle Oasis, since I've owned every Kindle since the first release. It was worth the money, as the form factor is the best yet... it's comfortable to hold in one hand, and the text is crisp and easy to read.
Even when Im outside in bright sunlight, the words of the book Im reading are still crystal clear. That alone makes the Kindle Oasis worth what it cost me.The Kindle Oasis wakes up in just seconds, and any book I choose instantly opens, ready to be read.It is the perfect size and isnt heavy or bulky. I really do read for hours at a time. Sometimes I pace the floor while I read. Sometimes Im on my elliptical machine when I read. And sometimes Im sitting down. No matter what Im doing, the Kindle Oasis remains comfortable to hold, and it is always easy on my eyes.When I receive a book that is in PDF, most of the time I can enlarge the words. If it wont allow me to enlarge the words, I can change the orientation of the page and the words are automatically larger. I am able to make notes on the book if needed, and I can highlight words and/or passages.My merlot leather cover is attractive. When I flip it open, it is just like opening the cover of a book.How to Make the Battery LastOn the Kindle Oasis page, it says that its dual-battery charging system delivers months of battery life. This was a huge thing for me. Instead of having to charge my tablet almost every day, I would be able to read for months without charging the Kindle!Is this how my Oasis has performed? Well, not so much. There are conditions that have to be met for the charge on your Oasis to last for two months.First, you have to limit your reading to thirty minutes a day. That one is impossible for me. There are days that I am only able to read for thirty minutes, but they dont occur very often. My Kindle goes everywhere with me, and I use just about every spare moment to read.Second, the wireless needs to be turned off. That one is easy to do but not always easy to remember. The only time the wireless needs to be on is to download one or more books.Third, this is based on your light setting at 10. That is way too low for me. I keep my light setting anywhere from 16 to 18.I dont limit my reading to thirty minutes a day, and I try to remember to keep my wireless turned off. My light setting is kept anywhere from 16 to 18, and I put my Kindle to sleep the second Im done reading. So how long does a single charge last me? Ten days is the longest a charge has lasted me so far, but it would have kept a charge for several more days if I had remembered to turn my wireless off. Once I succeed in keeping my wireless off, I will let you know how long the charge lasts.Now, I dont plug it in to charge as soon as the charge on the cover gets low. I allow my cover charge to go as low as it will possibly go and then the Kindle battery will start to drain since it can no longer charge from the cover. I allow it to drain down to about 50% before I plug the cover and Kindle into my computer to charge.The one thing that surprised me was that everything on the Oasis is in black and white. For some reason, I thought that maybe the book covers would appear in color. But since I bought the Oasis to read books on, color isnt needed.Special offers do appear on my screen but only when my Kindle is going to sleep or waking up. They arent a distraction, and to be honest, they are kind of fun to look at. You can pay a higher price so they wont appear on your Kindle if you would rather not see them.I asked myself some questions once I had my Kindle and knew just how it worked. If I had known before I bought my Kindle Oasis that the charge wouldnt last for months, would I still have bought it? Yes, I would have. If I had known that everything would appear in black and white, would I still have bought it? Yes, I would have.
Wife love it, reads a lot and this is her go to reader.
This is my third Kindle. The best differentiator is the form factor. Definite improvement over the paperwhite. Also like having the page-turn buttons back. Case is very cool indeed. If you can get past the jump in price (remember you're not having to buy the case separately), it's a quality product to have.
I have used Kindle e-readers since Amazon introduced them years ago. All are good products and each new model has been a worthwhile upgrade. The Oasis is no exception, even from the highly touted Voyage model. It is expensive but the lightweight design, improved backlighting and battery cover are worth the additional expense for someone who reads frequently. This is definitely a good investment!
This is my 4th kindle and is easily the best one I've ever had. It is very comfortable to hold and is very compact. I was surprised how small it is but has the same screen size as my other kindles. It may look costly at first but remember you are getting a cover with additional battery.
This is the best kindle ereader yet. The size and weight make it perfect for comfortable reading. You will find yourself reading more books than ever with it.
Through all of my research this was the best value for what I was looking for in an e-reader with additional options I was not sure I would use or not. Turns I do because of the ease of usage.
Much more memory that my prior kindles. Luv that I can add a sd card for extra storage
I love the tablets HD picture is beautiful. The fire tablet is very fast to load and is easy to use. Great tablet.
This is very nice for a little over 100.00 dollars. It took a bit to get use to after using a iPad. I got this to travel with or take to the beach nice size very lightweight.
I have not set up tablet, geeks squad to do so Monday April 3 2017
I like it. It keeps my granddaughter business and great apps too.
Wife really likes it. Works great& likes the front & back camera.
Fast on internet, easy connection. Easy to use. Clear display. Was looking at iPad mini. After reading reviews of both Kindle fire and iPad I bought the Kindle for so much less $$$ And I don't have to put up the Apple's native apps etc.
I like the ease of use and good support from Amazon. A reasonable price for a versatile tablet.
This tablet is excellent considering the price. It has a very clear display, is a fairly large tablet, and has plenty of memory to store a lot of apps, music, pictures and more. Considering the price, this tablet has the best value out of all tablets to date in my opinion.
Fantastic tablet fire one is great. Small and portable
I purchased this product with an eye on simply trying out a tablet. It has become a product I use every day. You have to get used to the Amazon app store, which is different than the Google Play store, though it is still android-based. The tablet is fast and the user experience is satisfying. I purchased the 32Gb. model for the extra storage space. It is a great tablet for under $100!
Excellent value, lets me lug all my favorite books around and read whenever. Wouldn't be without it.
I love my Amazon Fire HD 8. It's not too small and not too big. I was looking at other tablets, and decided on the Amazon Fire HD 8 because of the price, and because I have Amazon Prime, I purchased it online at Best Buy, and then picked it up at the store on Black Friday. It is my first tablet, and so I wanted to start with one that I can have fun with, and I am. I do have a laptop for important things.
I have put off buying a tablet because all the ipads I tried with friends were hypersensitive making it difficult for me to navigate easily. This one is the bomb - I am 68 and not a techie but quite intelligent - this Kindle Fire is a perfect fit for me and does everything I want it to do and more with great speed and wonderful resolution. I am new at tablets and look forward to enjoying learning all that this Kindle Fire will provide for me - so far each step has been a breeze. I just love it.
my daughter just loved this kindle fire. she said it was the perfect gift that she could receive.
Easy to set up, great picture love it! Keeps my kids entertained and they love it also ....it was a gift.
Easy to use with great picture. I would recommend it to a friend.
This works great. I read a LOT and I needed something that would handle all my eBooks. It has all the other bells and whistles as any tablet but I use it for the eBooks and one game. Excellent!
I have really enjoyed my new kindle and the ability to take pictures. It stays charged a long time when I am reading a book or watching a movie. I just wish that kindles could run on an LTE network as well when you do not have a WiFi signal.
The clarity of the screen and the back-lit text makes this an improvement from my old tablet. I now can read this in low light and enjoy the color as well. I am enjoying my new Kindle, but it did present some challenges in its set up. I would recommend getting help in the store to get you started.
This is my 3rd Kindle upgrade. I love everything about it. The ebooks read to me at night, the games and the movies show extremely well...feels as though I am right there. My kids have ipads...but I'm stuck on my Kindle.
Never without my Amazon HD 8 - great for reading, games and surfing the networks.
Awesome and best e-book reader. I love the smooth page translations, bedtime shade and perfect hand held device. Kindle Fire has took their e reader to the next level. Great apps, music, and storage expansion for the price.
I think this is a great product and I would recommend it.
I bought this for a daughter, who would be taking this to school for BYOD. It's perfect size table offers, loads of amazon goodies if you are prime member. For our need, it was good enough, but one of the requirement was to have Google App support on this. Since this runs Fire OS, it's everything Amazon proprietary. There as "howto" on web on getting google play store and its app on this, but the integration with the device lacks upon those "fixes" from the articles on how to get Google app store working on this tablet. Since it would not be useful for her in school because of requirements for Google apps, we're returning it. Otherwise, Great tablet, but Fire OS restricts Google Apps.
Bought this for my adult son who had a long flight and he absolutely loved it! Definitely recommend!
For the price this is an excellent tablet. I have a high end laptop that does convert to tablet but at almost 16" and the foldover design I normally just use it in laptop mode. I also have a high end "phablet" sized phone. So I was not sure how often I'd use a tablet, and did not want to spend 500ish on an ipad. The Fire has been a great "in between" so far on days I use my phone alot and want to avoid charging more than once per day, and don't have the need to use my laptop. The speed is zippy & the screen clarity/quality is good enough. Storage is even better than ipads since it is expandable (for now I use a 64 gb card giving me a total of 96 gb, but the expandable can go up to 200 gb). Tying into Amazon is nice since I have Amazon Prime). Basic web surfing, email & facebook work great. The only "bad" feature is the camera & video quality. But that does not matter to me since I have my high quality camera & video recorder on my phone. Only other slight negative is light bleed noticed just when booting up on grey screen. Color/brightness uniformity is perfect to my eyes once it is up & running. Really enjoying the kindle component for book & magazine reading as well. Overall, probably the best $100 I have spent in a long time.
Larger size more.memory, better price great product and wonderful service
Many improvements than the older model with an excellent screen and great battery life.
My husband loves this. He is happy that he can read anything he chooses from his library and that he also has WiFi access to get to his email and the internet whenever he wants.
This is the third Fire tablet I have bought. The larger size is nice.
I would recommend anyone buy this product., just awesome.
Nice little tablet with great features. Bought one for my mom so she can read without all the weight of a big book. She also loves the nice backlight so she can be on her tablet at night without the lights on.
easy to use. nice sides and easy to read ,, also very easy to load
This is my second Fire. Wanted a larger size to make eBooks easier to read. Very pleased with the size and clarity of this tablet. Easy to take along in a tote. Perfect for what I wanted it for.
If you love Amazon, you'll love the Kindle HD8. It's a great size for reading all those books, streaming movies and tv shows, and has great sound for listening to your favorite music. For less than $100, you can't beat the versatility of this little device!
i just love every thing about it. Its awesome to read
Not to big, not to small. Just right for for taking your movies and music on the go. I bought this to go with my Amazon Prime membership. Popped in a 128 Gb mini sd card for plenty of storage.
Ok so in order to get three working well I needed to get four but the one that needed to be returned was quite easy. All is great! Kids love them!
Not only did my daughter in law love it I was able to experience convenience of having it shipped!
My daughter absolutely loves her new fire, lots of space, easy to set up and lots of apps
New Kindle Fire 8 is easy to setup, great for reading, no issues at all when trying to connect to my home network. I would recommend this item for anyone who wants to read and get on the internet.
The size is just right for me to carry anywhere and it's simple to figure out the functions. 32 G would help me store many ireader books for a long time. I have read 3 books so far.
This is my 2nd tablet. Kindle Fire hd 8 reviewed throughly elsewhere many times for its solid performance for money. I mainly wanna talk about excellent buying experience at local best buy. It was not in Stock but employee we extra miles to locate the stock somewhe re but I like my local store much so ended up ordering there. Keep up the good work !. Very pleasant buying experience.
I am really enjoying my new kindle fire hd 8. The picture is awesome even for a movie. I use it mostly to read with an occasional game or movie too. Colors are great and the size of the screen is very nice. I have a 7 inch fire and there is enough size difference for movies etc to make it worthwhile. Plus there was a great black Friday price.
Very sleek design and very easy to use - nice graphics!!!
Perfect for my 9-yr old....small enough to tuck into a bag easily & very easy to use...perfect price point for no worries & has been great!!
Very happy with product. It's a miniature lap top.
This was a Christmas present. The person that received it was very happy with it.. She has other Kindles but this new one is an obvious improvement over the previous ones.
this is my second one and must have one of these at all times
I purchased two for my grandchildren. They loved it. Reading, games and videos
When you can get this thing on sale it's an amazing deal. Have all of your Amazon features right in your face. Books, Manga, Gaming, Amazon. It's easy to hold, has amazing battery life and has a pretty decent screen. Sure the Galaxy tablets have better specs, but it's the price and features you get from Amazon that make this device amazing!
this tablet is great for reading the text is not a good as it is on my tab s2 9.7 in but this is about $200 cheaper i got it because i wanted a more natural book feel reading my books and the tab s2 was not doing it for me
It was easy to set up and use. Best Buy employees were a huge help teaching me about the many features.
Great tablet for those invested in the Amazon system. Nice screen and functions well.
Got for my aunt for her first tablet. It has been user friendly for her, she yours it mostly for reading
I love new Kindle Fire. I love the convenience having books with me all the time being able to have an entire library at my fingertips.
Fast fun tablet with great speakers compared to previous fire tablet. Worth the money
I have always had a kindle fire but I had one that was just overloaded with books and so I bought a new one with more memory. It is awesome and so fast. But also the battery charges very fast and hold a charge for a very long time.
My mom loves the kindle fire hd 8. She had the first kindle and it was time for an upgrade! Great buy for her birthday present!!
I had one of the first Kindle fires for years and I loved it. So I wanted another newer one and it's great! Has a good battery.
Gets use everyday by my girlfriend who i bought it for with no complaints, also love the color. Also may get one for myself.
Bought to use with Kindle. Works fine! Good quality and charges the kindle quickly.
Works very well! Love my kindle!
Works just as you'd expect. Small and compact which is nice, and charges the kindle really quickly (faster than it charges on my laptop). A little expensive for what it is, but glad I ordered this.
very good
Got one to go with my Kindle Paper white! Works great!
It worked fine however I returned everything as the Kindle was too small.
Have not yet received it yet, but I am sure it will be great, as I was assure if was what I would need to go with my Kindle Voyage Reader to recharge it. I am anxiously awaiting for the arrival of my reader so I can start getting books to read. Sincerely, JudieMae
Arrived intact, and works well to charge my little kindle.
nice, compact, shipped in the mail. works well with supplied kindle cord.
This is working very well so far.
What can I say about the plug....it is great. Now I have the option of using the plug to charge my Apple ipod or using my USB cord and adapter that charges my pod directly into the wall port. I do prefer the plug though.
Delighted plus really well made product
Works well
Yes, no problem it works great
Just does what it is supposed to do, Put together well and should hold up for years.
Works great, but should have been included with the purchase of the Kindle not 20 more dollars.
Great little charger. It works well. Price was great too.
Works well. Nice to know I have additional chargers that are the same size. I'm really glad I bought the paperwhite kindle.
Works fine for me.
So happy I ordered this at the same time as my kindle!
Nice and compact. Short time to charge. Good product.
Now I can use my Kindle. Works great
Works great
It works great with the our new Kindle.
Works great with my older Kindle!
Works well with kindle
great
works fine.
Works great charges reasonably fast I'm satisfied with it.
Works great!
Personally, I think the Kindle should have come with this item as 99 of people would need this. It works fine.
Works great, reasonably-priced easy-to-use ,perfect for the Kindle . Quick charge, lightweight, compact and stores easily anywhere. Thanks for the info about unit when purchasing our new Kindle
Item worked fine
Works fine. Charges as described.
These are great. This is my second Paperwhite and second charger. Thinking about a third, fourth...because while putting fiction on one and non-fiction on other have been thinking how great to have a Kindle dedicated just to recipes, another to health books etc would be marvelous
Very ha day Very handy to have this plug I will use it what was that Very handy to have this plug will keep it as a as a extra extra one so that I can so that if I lose I lose the other plug I will have this one
If your have the white plug it'll work
I used this charger right away and my Kindle is up and running. I like the compact size.
Very good quality
Just as imagined very good product
Works easy in every place I go.
It is nice to have an extra plug
Works great for charging my Kindle.
This. Is a great charger. I like it better than the square ones.
It works great!
Work great
Charger has worked well for charging my Voyage. Comes as a separate purchase from the Voyage which I found. Think it should be bundledwith the purchase price of the Kindle Voyage.
While I will usually charge my kindle via my computer's USB ports, I will be able to recharge the device on occasions when I am away from my computer.
Works very well for my new Kindle.
I love my kindle paper white and its easy to use 5W USB charger.
I needed an extra charger for our cabin so that we would not have to pack one back and forth. Arrived just in time and on time that I got it in time for our next trip over. Works like the original.
works fine
Very happy with this purchase.
No problems here, although it's such a simple and common product that it seems a little pricey. Works well with charger for Kindle.
I love this little critter!
Provided I use the correct cable, this will fast charge my wife's IDevices. Just what I needed as we have lost two Apple chargers.
excellent
Works great, as expected!
Just perfect. Thank you!!
Never loved or hated one of these before but, it's great cause it works
Really have enjoyed this item.
nice product
great - can charge Kindle e-book reader without the need of computer being on.
Works well.
Works well for what it is intended for.
it works fine... it's a charger!!
My 2nd one. They work great.
Purchased this for my kindle and it does what it's intended to do. Quality looks fine as well.
A must have to charge your kindle. Works very well!
works perfect
It works fine.
Does the job and does it well.
Works great with my new kindle!
Always worthwhile to have 2 or more.
So easy to use anywhere there is an outlet. I had a charger that would work,so I debated about buying this. I'm so glad I did.
Charges incredibly fast. Definitely worth it. I use it for my phone too.
does what it's supposed to do and really well :)
It works perfect
It's a very nice charger it's fast and effective.
It fine. I wasn't aware of what I was purchasing at the time but thought that I would need it in order to charge my book. Turns out I have several of them already from other electronics. Didn't really need it.
What can I say about a charger adapter. It works great.
Works fine. Carol
Very happy with my purchase
Good solid adaptor to fit the Kindle Paperwhite.
woks fine
thanks for an excellent transaction
In bundle, happy!
very easy to use
Works well for my Kindle.
its great
This came in the recommended bundle and works well.
A great product that spares me the hassle of having to boot up my lap top to charge my kindle.
Chicago's Fabulous Fountains is a big disappointment. I read about it and expected beautiful pictures. Instead, there is a lot of print.Hamilton is the kind of book I like--history. Chernow always writes very interesting biographies--I've read several others.
This charger and adapter works just fine with the E-reader. I was so glad that I purchased it as the E-reader does not come with one.
I'm writing a review based on the problem I had with my Kindle HD 8.9 it would not hold a charge even though Amazon try to reboot it from their location or had to technician try to reboot it but it wouldn't come on so I'm just want to say that the charger does work when I plugged it into my Samsung phone with the power cord so that's why I give it 5 stars
Works just fine for my Fire 7.
Works great.
Delivery is super fast, and the product seems nice.
This came with the Kindle Paperwhite I bought as a birthday present for the love of my life. See that review.
love
Nice product. Works well.
It works great.
Incredibly fast tablet charger. Works as advertised without any issues.
works great for my kindle paper white but the seond kindle that I ordered will cot turn on
This is great. So many things come with a plug that is to go into your laptop. I got this so I can plug it into the wall. I had Kindle chargers for my kindle, but I'm getting more and more things that have to be charged through your laptop. Not me...I use this plug.
Works great, don't have any trouble with this charger.
Item is a replacement for one that was starting to go back. It works fine.
What is there to say, but that I love it. Functions well, and lasts a long time.
The sales people are really nice and knowledgeable to me I will come back again
Great product and service and the sales man r really nice.
very good product and service will refer a friend.
Very good reading on this good and strong quality kindle
I particularly like the fact that the text shows up and you can see it well outside on a sunny day. I use it with Kindle Unlimited.
I purchased this product because I love to read and buying books got costly. With this product I can read all I want for 10.00 a month
In trying to get my son to read more and thought a kindle would help. First I got a good deal on an old kindle model that had been refurbished and it quickly broke. I had a gift card to Best Buy and this one was on sale, so I got it for him. I also bought him a silicone case and bought a Best Buy warranty. It is much easier to use this model vs the old one that he had originally, and I like that you can use FreeTime app on this device but you only just get the books. I also use overdrive to get him books from the library. So far it is working great for us. I bought this at Best Buy instead of getting it online from Amazon because I like the Best Buy warranty and that they are easier to deal with than Amazon.
The Kindle is great for reading on the go when I can't carry around a lot of books.
Great buy! Bought it to replace a first generation Kindle.
Perfect size, so easy to carry around. Long lasting battery life. Would reccomend!
My wife likes it because she can read all different kind of books
I am enjoying my Kindle very much! Easy to down load books and easy to read! Very happy with my purchase!
Super easy to use and very gentle on your eyes, I've tried many e-readers but I'll definitely stick to this one.
It is great to be able to have all you books in the same place...
This Kindle has no extra bells or whistles that would cause major battery drainage. Sometimes less is more. No distractions to keep you from reading, no backlights to fatigue your eyes. Be aware that you can't read this Kindle in the dark.Pretty simple to operate. FYI there is no wall plug adapter for this unit only the USB cord that plugs into the Kindle, and computer for charging. You can buy an adapter separately. If you have the Kindle Fire HDX that adapter works with this kindle. You can use that adapter to charge it from the electrical outlet.I recently purchased this Kindle. I do have had other Kindles, and enjoy them immensely.I purchased this one for outdoor use.So far I Love it!
After using a series of low end tablets as an e-Reader, I purchased this on sale for $50. It only really does one thing - display Kindle books in normal lighting, but it does it well.Size, feel, and battery life are all good, and unlike LCD-based tablets it is easy to read outside. The Amazon lock-screen ads are not that intrusive, and easy to ignore.
I've owned a couple of Kindles. This one is my favorite thus far. The screen is a little too sensitive for my liking but other than that, great!
Got this on sale for a great price and is a great product.
Small, light easy to read in any lighting. If you are looking for a device that serves one purpose, to read books anywhere, this is for you.
I am happy as i bought it for reading and it is good.
I have several Kindles so knew what to expect. It is a great reading device and I keep several in different locations.
I've been using the original B&N Nook ereader for several years now. I finally decided to upgrade. I wish I'd done it a lot sooner. The new Kindle touchscreen ereader is phenomenal.The device is light and easy to carry, almost unbelievably so. It is fast and responsive and touch screen has 0 delay. I would recommend anybody in the market for this one buy one immediately. You won't regret it.
At first I thought my reader was broken but discovered, by accident, that my touch must be very light.
I am very pleased with this purchase. It is lightweight and the smaller size enables me to carry it easily. This Kindle allows me to read out in the sun without any glare. The only suggested improvement would be a lighted display to enable reading at night.
I loved this Kindle which is even better. It's a gift to a very important friend. Now he is unable to hold a book open with. He says that is easy to read but even lighter is wonderful.
Do you like to read? If so this is an excellent device. There are better devices, but at this price you are not going to find a comparable product.
Very useful for night time reading responsive and intuitive display
If you really want to have a good read on something digital this is the item you're looking for. It really is lightweight and highly functional. The battery lasts a long time and the screen is easy on the eyes. The only difficulty sometimes is reading in extremely bright environments. Overall an excellent buy.
Overall good product, bought two for my parents and they loved it!
I bought this for my daughter, wanting to get her a kindle without having access to games (like with the kindle fire). This latest version of the kindle is excellent. I am jealous of my daughter and now am thinking about upgrading from my older kindle. The touchscreen is responsive. If you like reading on the kindle, it is worth the update.
It very convenient it small and it work awesome can put in my purse or
It's a perfect gift for young adult during the holiday session.
I had always been looking to upgrade my original Kindle. I love the new touch features and display on this one. The size also makes it very easy to transport.
I prefer the Kindle to a book. I like the change of letter size, storing many, many books, and the ease of carrying it. I love to read when I travel, and this is the way to go.
My nephew is going to high school and the kindle is a great gift for him. Bestbuy has good selection and the price is good too!
I had read reviews. It is just like what reviews said. It is really good. I still have to try some features. Probably I should have gone for Kindle Light. Maybe next time. But for now I am totally satisfied.
Perfect for our young daughter, its a perfect size and she can use it very easily.
Love not having to carry books and being able to get a variety of books.
This make an excellent ebook reader. Don't expect much from this device except to read basic ebooks. The good thing is it's cheap and good to read in the sun.
I've got this as a gift for my grandmother and she's not tech savvy but she can work a kindle. She loves to read and is very pleased with it.
I haven't used any other kindle before, but this kindle was made to do its job and it does it properly. It is sleek, lightweight and sturdy. I love putting it in my bag and taking it with me wherever I go - just in case I get a chance to read. Like it says in the description, you can download books and read it anywhere - you don't need wifi to read. Battery life is great. It has a matted screen and you can make the font as big or as small as you want. The down side is that the screen is small, so you can only get through so much before you have to flip the screen. Also there is no brightness controller for the screen so you can only read it where it's light. But I honestly love my kindle, it does it's job and I don't want anything that get's fancier than this.
This is a entry level ereader that only allows you to read in the day...you will not be able to read in the dark
We open the box. We download a book. It's like magic. The words the phrases the complete sentences. So cool!!!
This is a great product. Light weight. I wish it has wifi to download from online.
purchased for my child to read - works as expected and for the price it was a good option
I really enjoy the basic amazon kindle and best buy had a great deal on it when I purchased it. It's very easy on the eyes and there is no glare when reading outside even on a sunny day just as advertised. It has the look of book in that sense. I was able to order this online and "pick up in store" and it was very convenient because I was low on time. I highly recommend this product to any avid reader and anyone looking to make the jump to an eReader. A few other great features are the long battery life, it's light and small and very easy to take on the go.
I love my kindle it makes it so much easier to read books instead of having to carry them with me
My first e-reader, and I have been filling it up fast. Great for travel!
I already has an older version of the Kindle, but this one is even better. I love the touch screen and the ability to scroll without buttons.
This was purchased as a replacement for an aging third party e-reader. It is light weight, compact, easy on the eyes while reading and has a long battery life. The Kindle library has a wide variety of books, many of which are free. The one draw back for some people may be that the lock-screen has ads. This is only on the lock-screen, the ads don't appear while using the device and Amazon can permanently remove the ads for a fee.
Product is good, light. Amazing battery backup. I charge the Kindle one in 4 weeks. Great product for reasonable price. USB connection is easy, Books are easy to download. Overall, everyone must have Kindle with them and this is the best product/model to start with.Understandably, this is the beginner level model for people who never used Kindle before. Features like LED lights, White paper background are not available on this model. These features are there on higher models so one cannot read it in Dark without lights. But again, for this price you would not get any other good readers.If you are someone who reads in dark then I would suggest go for Higher Kindle models.
It allows me to read without using space in my phone.
I bought this one for my mom because I love mine so much
My first Kindle and I love it. No backlight and perfect view in the sun are awesome.
I use this every day on my commute. Great battery life, no backlight but very readable with normal lighting. I like the built in dictionary. Email yourself pdf or mobi files for easy transfers.
Love my new Kindle! I hadn't read in a while and hesitant of a kindle, easy to use, lightweight and convenient to pick up a book. great for outdoor reading. only downside is if you want to read in the dark has no back light. crisp clear text and easy to set up.
This is a great quality reader. Print on it is very clear and it is easy to use.
I'm a longtime Kindle user and jumped at the opportunity to bring my granddaughter into the fold with this gift. She loved it!
Not the paperwhite, but for the price I paid works great for my kids to carry around multiple books they need to read for school
At first I was a bit skeptical about the sensitivity of the touch screen on these new kindles, but it has been great. The reading is very smooth and I am quite please with this purchase.
Just what I needed, lightweight and easy to download books from the library
easy for my kids - 8 and 11 to use the kindle for night time reading
I love how compact this kindle is, I'm able to put it in my gym bag, backpack, and my purse. The screen is a plain white which is great for reading because you don't get a glare, I just wish Best Buy offered a case for it I had to purchase one from amazon.
So simple to set up a caveman could do it and still have time to get some reading in!
Kindle just keeps getting better. This device is the perfect size to pack away for a business trip to kill some time reading a book or even uploading your documents to access them quickly.
I love my Kindle black. I can read for hours without making my eyes sore the way a phone screen would. The functions are easy to use. Everything is set up clearly and simply. It's shape is adorable, and it's surprisingly light. The battery does last a long time.
This kindle is light and easy to use especially at the beach!!!
Excellent base model e-reader. Nice to use inside or outside.
Love the new Kindle. Priced right. Perfect size. Take it with me everywhere.
Love my kindle ! I enjoy reading everyday and I can easily throw in my bag with out it adding any weight .
I love the Kindle, it is a great product. It reduces eye strain so I enjoy reading on it. This is my second Kindle.
If you are into reading then this is for you. I didn't think the paperwhite is necessary if you have a well lot room. Great for reading outside.
I love how portable this Kindle is. It fits right in my purse and makes it so I can read whenever and wherever I have free time.
Kindle is the perfect E-reader. Easy to use and size is perfect to bring 'book' on the go.
Easy to use and navigate, purchasing books is fast and simple and I love the fact that I can password protect this device
OK, I was so unsure of this Kindle because it does not have all of the bells and whistles of the others. BUT I am very happy with it. I love my Kindle! I have managed to read a book a week on it sicnce I got if for Christmas. I have been reading the free books on Kindle. There are so many to pick from. While home, I download the books that I want to read and then while I am in the car or waiting at the DMV, I just pull of the book and read. It remembers where I am in the book. This Kindle does not have the back light. I was nervous about that but so far this has not been a problem because the light it has is fine for me. When I am reading in the car, I enlarge the font and it makes seeing the words easier for me. That is the most important factor for me because I can get car sick if I read while riding in the car but with the larger font I don't have that problem. I wear glasses with bifocals and holding this seems to be more comfortable than a book because I can hold it up if I need to. The size is perfect! Again, I can enlarge the font so the smaller screen size really has nothing to do with the readability. Love it!!
If you want to read anytime where there's a light source this is thereafter for you. If you do a lot of night reading the paper white is cheaper considering the add kns you will have to buy for the base model.
Overall good product, does what is advertised, comfortable to use.
I used to prefer paper or hardback books but found I had more access to read online. With the kindle I have been able to access my growing library and the battery life is amazing.
Got it to gift to my friend. Absolutely loved it. Good value.
I really enjoy reading and on my iPad was hurting my eyes. This Kindle really works great.
I love this kindle! It's a life saver when I'm bored at the doctors office!
i liked t because its not harmful to my eye like the monitor or the mobile its the best choice for reading
I've been using a Kindle almost exclusively and decided to give this one as a Birthday present. Very excited recipient!
Very easy to use and with amazon have loads of books to access
Great price and works great for book reading. Would recommend
Great. Great quality. It's like reading a real book
Great kindle for my needs, it is easy to use and comfortable.
Have been using my kindle app on my iPad for years but now can't Imagine using anything besides my kindle to read. Love the backlight so I can read at night.
The kindle e-readers are the best on the market. While this one doesn't include the built in light it is great for the beach and is still the lightest and smallest version.
Daughter loved this as a gift. She get migraines if she were to read Ebooks on her normal tablet or phone the screen is dull like a book page which leave it easy on her eyes and fingers crossed no headaches
easy to use and has enough space. I highly recommend this product. Also a great gift
Wasn't a fan of having to get one of these (I'm kinda old school...I like book) but, it really was a nice device. Easy to use and read from. Glad I got it!
I love this tablet. It was a great buy. I would strongly recommend buying it. It's a great reader but also good for surfing the web.
A great product for my kids and great learning apps at the app store
Purchased for my toddler. Best investment yet. Also added the protection plan. Very happy with purchase. Serves it purpose.
This is a great tablet for us seniors because it is not overly complicated to use. The 7" screen is just the right size for old eyes. This amazon tablet is perfect for most things we need to use a tablet for. The batteryseems to last a long time. It is a great buy.
Nice tablet for the price. Got it for my son Birthday. Hasn't opened it yet but my brother in law has 2 and it works great. Great tablet for kids just in case they break it
I got two of these for my young kids. It does everything I could ask for and I can limit how much they use it. Great product for a great price
Parental controls are amazing and easy to use on this kindle.
My son loves it. It was very affordable. And it has everything you need. I enjoy the compact size
I bought four of these for.my kids for xmas. They haven't put them dwn willingly yet! I think it was a great deal for a great product!
I own an older model but wanted to get my relatives a good and fairly priced tablet and the kindle goes above and beyond. Great price on an excellent tablet. I purchased 3 and everyone loved them and they are easy to use as well! I would recommend to anyone at any age!
this is just as good as a laptop of ipad why waste money on something expensive get this
this tablet works great and is a great price made great christmas presents
I bought this tab for my mother. I felt it was a great Christmas gift. She was very exited to see it and actually thought to get one. I might buy one for myself.
This is my first tablet. It's very user friendly. Like the parental controls on it. So my kids can use it.
This was a great present for my husband who is extremely tech savvy and very particular about his choice of equipment. He was overjoyed with this. Glad I choose to stick with Samsung.
This is an amazing tablet for the value price. It has gone beyond my expectations. These operate fast and efficiently. The screen clarity is excellent. Photos aren't as clear as they could be, but for the price they are wonderful. These are an excellent purchase!
This is an awesome tablet. Very easy to access and read books as well as to add apps
This was a gift bought because I have had one for years and am completely happy with everything about it.
I purchased this for my mom for Easter - her eye sight isn't as good as it use to be but she loved to play games on her phone. So this is bigger for her to play her games and for 80 years young she is doing great with it.
Incredible value - at $49.99 this tablet is a wonder. Easy to use right out of the box. I'm not a techie, so ease of use is a must. Watch movies, read e-mail, download a book, listen to music and much more. Small size makes it easy to carry in your purse. I'm very happy with my purchase!
I love my fire tablet . I even got one for my son who had a Digiland & this tablet outdose it. Love it!
Great product kindle fire got one for mom and dad for Christmas presents nice to add storage
My wife loves her new Kindle Fire. Great add for the front a rear facing camera as well as the basic features. Another add for this devise is the added storage option.
I love my kindle.,for the price this thing is great and does what I need it to do
My son and I wanted to find a small tablet to watch videos on and do some basic internet browsing. This tablet fit the bill perfectly. We weren't looking for all the bells and whistles and wanted to find something in our budget. At $49 this little piece of Fire is amazing. The graphics are great, not HD but still great. The speed is acceptable and otherwise it's easy to use. I love the dimensions, it's easy to carry and not heavy. Absolutely Love it!
We got this mainly so that my husband could listen to music while getting ready for sleep. Really works well.
My daughter fell in love with it instantly best ever
You won't find a better tablet for the price. Tried multiple different tablets in the same price range and the amazon fire outperformes them all in every category. If you want a good tablet and on a budget, this is your tablet!
It was easy to set up my Amazon account and I was using within minutes. Great for travel and being able to read any of my books.
This is a very good tablet which has power CPU and lots of features. I glad I purchased it.
I bought this to download videos to watch while going on a long road trip. It worked perfect for that.
This tablet give you the opportunity of everything, surf the web, email, music, games, etc.
Bought the Fire for my 86 year old mother. Yes, she's 86 and still works part time at a museum. Her co-workers communicate at times with emails and she was not able to participate. The Fire was the perfect answer for an inexpensive and easy to operate device to keep her in the loop with all the upcoming events. The Fire is easy to operate and wasn't too intimidating like a laptop or desktop. Mom has caught right on and is using it daily. Great choice for a beginner. Very happy it's working for her.
He was amazed that he can serf the web, go onto face book, place amazon orders. Read books so quickly.Play games and likes the front and back cameras.
This is a great tablet especially for the price. The only draw back is that I could not load an app that I needed for work because Kindle does not accept google play apps.
Bought 3 off them all together go get your now works good when shopping online
Wanted to get my wife an upgrade to her old Kindle and this was it. Works great and she likes the fact that it is in color.
The 7 inch Kindle Fire is just right for me to put in my purse to take to appointments at the Dr office or anywhere you have to wait. I have really enjoyed it and have bought 3 for relatives and friends
For the money the best tablet you can buy. I bought a bunch of these for my nieces to play with. I love my kindle and for the money it allows them to do a wide variety of activities.
If you want an easy way to read a book or check out social media then this item at around $50 is a steal!
Great price for tablet. Works great for my 3 year old that loves trains so can watch all the train videos on Amazon Prime and can limit the time with the FreeTime settings on the tablet.
The Kindle Fire is great device for the whole family. My daughters and I use it to read on. You can change the size of the font, and the background color and brightness. In addition my son uses it for games and my husband to check sports scores via the Internet.
This tablet is great for games and books. Good size for travel.
Love this tablet easy to use. Wonderful color and compact enough to carry.
This is a great tablet for the price. Works great and is easy to operate.
This tablet was a gift for my nephews and nieces to share (ages 4-8). Their eyes lit up as soon as they tore off the paper and saw the bright orange package. It was easy to set up and they were quickly downloading and installing their favorite games from the Amazon App Store. Screen quality appears to be very good and processing speed is very quick! Our only regret is that we didn't buy the 3-pack so that they each could have their own instead of sharing! Great performance value and much appreciated gift!
Nice tablet. I purchased this tablet for my mom as well as my daughter they both love this tablet. Good for general web surfing and loading books.
I got these for my children for Christmas they are great for them for the size
Sturdy item great value for price. User friendly. Highly recommend.
I bought more than 4 of these for our kids and they were worth it!
Cheap and works great awesome beginner tablet amazon did a great job affordable and great for something just to have and play with
Such a great tablet! Got my mother it for Christmas and she loves it!
Thank you for the gifts and thank you for the great customer service.
I bought several of the Amazon Tablets as gifts and my family and friends were ecstatic! I have not given a gift with such great reception in a while.
Works very good and fast!!! Great screen resolution.
Great smooth tablets with many apps to choose from
The tablet works great! No problems or concerns! Great for kids also.
Purchased as a secondary tablet to my iPad so that I could have an inexpensive one to use that I didn't have to worry about ... Easy to set up & has great speed.. Like that it has expandable memory!
It's the best price media streaming tablet on the market. I watch everything on it.
this is a good one, easy to read and browsethis is a good one, easy to read and browse
I bought this for my God daughter whom just wanted to FaceTime on Facebook messenger. Works great for the price.
my daughter really loves her kindle fire,awesome choice
easy to read and great resolution. will probably get another for a family member
I bought two of these tablets for my twin boys bday! They just turned 8 years old on Aug 22. They really like them. Also the graphics are awesome. I really would like to get the purple for myself.
Needed something smaller than my Samsung 10 inch tablet to carry around and this worked great.
The kindle fires have been great for the grandbabies.
Great screen, fast and responsive touch controls, and linked to Amazon for your apps. Overall, the best tablet you can find for under $50.
This tablet makes for the perfect gift! Highly recommend
I love the tablet so does my 2 year old she watches her shoes all day long on it its very user friendly
Amazon typically makes good quality products for a decent price, so this tablet on sale for $35 was a no-brainer. Plus, it's easy to install Kodi and the Play Store without having to hack the device.
We have gotten new Kindle every year grand children love them
Happy with product especially at this price. Easy to use and small to carry with me
I was amazed how little it cost to get a Kindle Fire these days. I passed down my iPad mini to my son because he uses it a lot and I just wanted something to watch Netflix and read books. The big plus is the book lending library with our prime membership. It's noticibly slower than my old iPad, but for $50 I'm very happy with it.
Tablet has many features. Great Tablet for reading, storing your resume, surfing the web and downloading books. The price is amazing
I love this tablet. It does everything that I wanted for a tablet when I was comparing between different brands. The only thing that I should have done was, purchased the 16 gig version. The space goes quickly.
We recently bought all our grandkids a tablet to have of their own.. great tablet to play games on and educational things as well.
My wife and I are so happy with the range of functions on this product that we bought one as a gift for her sister. Love the clear and crisp screen and ability to navigate easily.
My son has enjoyed using this to read books and stream the internet. The price was great too!
is simple and easy to use, also is perfect size for my purse or a carry on bag
Our six year old grandson wanted a tablet to use when he visits. This has all the features we were looking for, it is secure, only allows the kind of educational and fun applications we approve of.
Son loves this tablet kid friendly tons of games very pleased
this I ,y grandson's second tablet. his first was a nabi. this one is very easy to use and setup. can also use parental controls. he and I both love it!
This tablet is awesome! I use this tablet to look at my emails, check facebook, browse the internet, playing games, shop a little and of course, read books. Does all this with ease, and I don't have any issues or problems. Lots of apps to load with ease. Great product!Overall, This Kindle fire works great and meets my needs. I could not be more happy with my purchase. Highly recommend!!!
I bought this tablet to watch my recorded TV shows while I am at quilt retreats. I also can watch Netflix and Amazon prime. I like that is takes a micro SD card!! Picture and sound are very good!
I was looking to bu an affordable tablet but with all the necessary features and this tablet is great. Good touch, display and speed. Very happy to buy this but would have been happier if I would have got some discount.
Wow - for 49.99? You gotta be kidding me. What a great buy for the money!
Great price fast delivery will be buying from Best Buy again
A very good handy tablet, good product for the money, excellent integration into AMZN universe of fire tab/website/prime etc, fast and easy to use,
Pretty easy to use...small enough for little hands...nice as card slot toExpand memory
All of our kids - ages 4, 7 and 8 - have had their own Kindle Fire for almost two years. They're generally pretty careful with them since they've been told that broken Kindles will not be replaced. In one case, the Kindle simply stopped working - it would no longer turn on. There was a great deal going on so we did replace it. What a perfect product for a child! So many apps are available and they can learn new things while thinking they're just having fun. ;)
This tablet is the perfect size for kids. It's great for adults too if your looking for something not so big.
I use my Amazon fire tablet to allocate kids to watch TV through my TWC app, as well as to download and stream music. If you are a heavy Amazon user this app is perfect for you. Holds charge for a decent amount of time as well.
I got this kindle fire for a Secret Santa gift that my family does each year! I was so excited when I was able to get it on sale which made it in the price range of the Swap! This was a huge hit and he continues to use this today a year later!
My granddaughter loves it best thing ever I highly recommend it
Use this device everyday. So much easier to carry than an iPad. Plus, Alexa is amazing.
I brought this for my 3YR OLD and she loves it. It'd very easy for her to use.
I love the Amazon Kindle Fire. Great buy! I use mine all the time
This is a superior product. Easy setup, easy to use. Reasonably priced and great for the book worm who loves reading.
Don't bother wasting the extra money on the official Amazon Kids Fire Tablet, we got this with a nice case and 32 GB SD card (both of those from Amazon) for cheaper than the bundle price from Amazon directly.
No matter if full priced or on sale, this tablet is definitely worth it. Pop a microSD card in and don't look back. Paired with a Prime membership you will be able to read, shop, watch all that Amazon has to offer. I purchased a couple more as gifts after using this for a couple of weeks.
My mom loves it. She doesn't even use her chromebook anymore. I love my new chromebook shhhhhh.
Amazon makes this tablet a no brainer. The performance and price are unmatched by any other tablet on the market. As and entry level tablet with all the entertainment extra Amazon offers, it is a great deal.
Great tablet and great for the kids and simple to use and set up. I got 5 for my nephews and never had a problem with them.
This tables is fast and easy to use. I love the reading books in it and watch movies.
We bought 2 of these for Xmas kids love them great
Love it Cheap and good tablet. Has no memory but it's ok it does what I need it to do and my niece loves it! She's entertained! Would buy more!
Amazon has a great way of stream-lining their platform, operating system, and design style all within this 1 tablet; great product!
It's a great product. I recommended to everyone. :-)
The best tablet I have had! Overall its great.Great camera, tools, apps & great battery! That will last.
This is a great item and one of the best prices you can get. Works well and easy to setup.
Purchased this is a gift for a 7 year old and 13 year old. They both love the tab. They can play their games, surf the web and most importantly, read books!!! For the price you can't beat this tablet. Well done Amazon.
I love amazon tablets that I bought them for my daughter, sister, sister in law and mother in law. Awesome product and easy to use.
The tablet is very user friendly for my mom who is not very computer savvy.
The tablet is very nice and so easy to youse I have it to my mother for Christmas!
I'm not very tech savvy but we're getting there! I think this is a great price for a tablet that can do so much!
Great tablet, great price. Perfect gift for your child. My daughter loves it.
purchased this to supplement my larger tablet perfect size for smaller bag.
This is a great tablet to purchase for kids who are just learning how to use a tablet.
I purchased 3 of these for our white elephant games for Christmas. I ended up actually getting one but gave it away to a cousin. He loves it and says it works like a charm. Took him getting some used to on the Android system.
I bought two and gave them to my nieces , they just enjoyed them the minute they were in their hands . Made them so happy !
My kids love there Fire. They cannot put it down. They love being able to download books and read them right from their tablet.
Works great was a gift for daughter she loves it!!
I loved that the kids enjoyed it and I would be getting another one
For the price this tablet can't be beat. My wife mostly uses it 4 reading and Amazon shopping. It does everything she needs it to do. Battery life is very good as well.
I bought this for my grandson and he loved it and it easy for him to handle without help
This is a nice simple tablet for the price. Good enough for basics. The graphics are better than I expected.
I already have a Kindle, and a tablet, but I wanted something smaller to take when traveling to download movies to. This is perfect! Good price, and the color and clarity is perfect!
Only regret not buying the larger one but I don't read alot at a time so it will work just fine
I love the Amazon Fire 7! It's very easy to use and I love the fact that you can turn the Blue Shade lighting on and off. It's fabulous for reading before bed.
Price was great, tablet not the fastest but easily works with my echo and Amazon Prime.
I purchased it for my dad and he has had no complaints. He's able to download all the games easily and fast.
I purchased two of these for my grandchildren 8 years and 2 years. The 8 yr. old wanted an IPod touch replacement to watch videos and play a few games and Skype with me for $35 vs. $300 I am very pleased. The 2 yr old watches Little Einsteins and this works great for her
Works great, easy to use. Battery holds charge good. Just the right size.
I bought it for my mom and it is perfect. It recharges quickly and was very cheap and effective. Nothing fancy but sturdy and gets the job done, like the San Antonio spurs.
The quality is great with an affordable price my kids love this product!!!!!!!!!!!
Christmas present for the kids, its strong and durable and constantly used. inexpensive as is unless you want to get the kid proof case.Apps, games, web browsing and video/photo functions are good. Do think how this item will be used as most likely its internal storage at 16gb will fill up quickly
The tablet is great! Easy to use, better than the Galaxy that I have.
I'm really happy with my Kindle Fire! It's easy to use and has so many featuresdon't know why I waited so long to get one :)
Better cost effective tablet for basic usage of browsing
The tablet exceeds the price expectations. Great for reading books, ok for browsing. The time warner cable tv app works well with this device.
Right out of the box it was great and have had no issues to date.
Good product and good price. Have enjoyed it since Christmas and cant wait to read on it every evening
Bought this black Friday for 34 bucks. Cheap but reliable and nice. I would recommend this to everybody. It's fast and nice looking
I bought 3 of these tablets. One for my dad, son and grandson and they all love it! My dad who is 76 years old and not computer lit at all said it is "pretty easy" to use (after it was set up by my son for him).
I bought this for my husband to replace his original Kindle. The lighted background and light weight makes it perfect for reading in bed. The added features of Internet and numerous apps make it perfect for so many uses. It is easy to manage and the grandkids also love using it for the games. It has a great camera, too! Overall very pleased.
Great tablet for all ages, easy to navigate, charges fast. Great resolution
this product is very nice and its nice to review. Its also very nice.
Seems to be sturdy and lite weight for small hands
Just the right size for travel and resolution is amazing.
Purchased for a child. Works great Very pleased. Very versatile
Really nice tablet/kindle for the price. It's good for travel and packs small. It's nice to have a "tv", "book", and the internet all in one.
For the price she got a nice tablet tha she can use for games pics and videos
Made my sisters sons Christmas! Priced right and as expected a very solid performing tablet, thanks again Best Buy!
Price for the device was a great deal and the assistance provided by employees was great.
this was perfect for when the grandchildren are over. we have ten from age 2 thru 13 and they all love it. i even enjoy using it
I bought this for a gift but kept it for my self. It has basic functioanality, but easy to use. This definitely not for those expecting a powerhouse tablet, but for a child it is great!
Have enjoyed this kindle, especially for the price.
Just a great product and the price is very competable
This tablet is perfect for kids. It is inexpensive and durable.
Bought for our son as a first tablet. He loves it and connects easily to our home wireless.
I love the price of this product. And for the price it gives you Big Bang for the buck. My wife does not use electronics and she has no problem using this.
Great for web surfing. Easy to learn, easy to master.
Bought for my grandma and she loves it. Very easy and simple to use.
I currently own 3 Kindles, including this one, so I am very familiar with the Kindle Fire tablets. I love that this new Fire has updated the look and feel. I can add a memory card to download books, movies, photos and games on so I can take them with me when I'm on the go and don't picture, which I love! So for $50, it's a great value. There are only 2 things that I wish this Kindle had: there is no sleep/wake function and it doesn't have the micro hdmi port to connect it to my TV, but again, for the price it's a great product.
The Amazon Fire pad is a great deal for the price. It works great very responsive, does exactly what I want it to do like Netflix, Google and a few games. It doesn't suck :)
I bought it for my nephew and he loves it is just perfect for works better then his hp tablet.
I bought this for my sister-in-law for Christmas and she loved it.
Bought this for my 9 year old. It's perfect to keep on hand to keep her occupied if we get caught waiting somewhere.
Husband lost first kindle fire right before Christmas, so Santa brought him this one as a replacement. He's happy! Seems to work the same as earlier model.
Amazon Fire is perfect for families on the go! It fits well into backpacks, purses and briefcases!
Purchased for an 8 year old grand daughter who loves to read. She loves this tablet and is reading and playing her games everywhere the family travels. She loves the device and the pink color; I loved the price and the fast delivery .
I love every thing about the product and transaction, no complaints at all. I love that its affordable and does about every thing you would have need of.
Since today society is hi-tech savvy, it was only right to get this for my 4 yr old grandson. It's an awesome tablet!
My daughter always want one, she got this one, she love it.
This gift was a stocking stuffer. For the price, I paid, wonderful. The recipient loved it! :)
The product was overall worth the money spent. Love it !!!
I love the color is choose,and the tablet is great
I have had this product for about a year now, and I am still very pleased with my purchase. I am able to read books, surf the web, listen to music, watch videos, and more. Unbelievable price for everything you can do on this tablet.
This Amazon Tablet is, for the money, the best one on the market today. I purchased them for Christmas gifts this year (2016) and when I saw them, Grabbed 2 out of the 5 that were on display. I did so, because last year when I tried to get one, Everybody was sold out !!! Not 1 to be had !!
This is a great product . I bought it for my grandsons 12th birthday. It was super easy for him to monuva. He loves it
This is the second Fire tablet for $35 that I purchased this season. They are a great value and Best Buy has been a great place to buy them
1st tablet,easy to use and set up.plenty of apps preloaded to start.
I bought this as a Christmas gift and my sister loves it! Great price on Black Friday as well!
It's good for reading books. It's great for playing games. Yeah.
I bought two and gave them as gifts to a couple new to tablets. They love the FIRE tablet. now I think I am going to get one to play my games on. I currently have the iPad air.
Looking for a desent product , best buy had black Friday tablets for $34.99, what a great bargain. I had to buy four of them for my grandkids. Just the look on thier faces when they opened, was a great joy for me.
This is a great tablet for the right price. I bought two of these tablets as gifts to my sons. They were pleased.
This tablet is a perfect size and very sturdy. Has an expandable memory slot. Perfect for my needs.
Great tablet and excellent for kids also. I have been recommending to everyone
Amazing device. I got it for 35 bucks on Black Friday. Plays all games the kids want. Snappy and fast. Great for kids and adults. Love the Amazon kindle.
Wow. I've had many tablets, but none come close to this for the price. The screen is clear and responsive. While it comes locked to amazon, i sideloaded the nook app without root, and then rooted it easily, just for fun. XDA has the details.
Very nice product...Had everything we were looking for...
I've had the old 6" HD Amazon tablet which I use with the students at the school where I teach. Got this 7" tablet on my first day at this job to keep at home and use. The larger real estate of this tablet is fantastic...along with the new version of the OS.
it very easy to work and does very good good games my child loves it he not but 4 and finds his way around on it
I bought it for my mom and she loves it. Great picture and great battery life.
The kindle fire has all the things you need to read books, surf the net and play!
I got this Kindle as a Christmas gift for a friend. Couldn't pass up the Black Friday price on this thing! Works great. She loves it. Success!
this tablet works great for note taking at school.
Purchased this device for my son and really enjoyed it. Ended up buying another after a day of using the device.Pros:- Fast boot time- Clear & sharp display- Long battery life- Light weightCons:- Adds on lock screen- Inability to remove apps from the home screen (Can only move them to a folder)- Screen shows more fingerprints then say an Ipad or Nexus deviceOverall this has been a great device and hasnt had any issues. I play Game of War on the device and watch Hulu/Netflix for the majority of my use. For an Ebook is it smaller but does the job.
A very good tablet with a lot of features for a very reasonable price.
Nice size easy to use for little people. Long lasting battery
My grandson loves his tablet. He recently lost his (we are not sure where) and was so happy to see the new one
I bought this for my grandson and he likes it a lot He is only 5 years old and it is perfect size for him He wanted a red one but likes the blue.We put abc mouse on it and he is able to find it for himself. Great price
This item is great got for my sister as a birthday gift. She uses it for reading and music
Bought the Kindle for xmas gift,the young lady really loves it she reads books on it.
This is our family's 3rd fire tablet, great, affordable solution for our family
excellent value for the price. Tablet works well for my 9 year old!
I love my Amazon Fire, it's easy to download books, fun to read and I use it to catch up on my Facebook and email accounts.
Works great! Purchased as holiday gift for 80 year old grandmother.
The young girl and boy that I bought the units for in Nigeria for school use just love them the price was great and they are being put to good use.
meets or exceeds all my needs simple and fun for games. looking forward to reading my first book
we bought this for my 11 year old daughter and we love it. So easy to set up and use. Much better than the one made especially for kids. This one has better capabilities.
Giving these out as gifts this holiday season and couldn't be happier!! Great price point, perfect size and easy to enjoy for anyone in the family!
This Amazon Fire tablet is AMAZING. It's not an ipad or galaxy, but it still packs a ton of value into a nice package. You get a lot of nice features here, and not a lot of bull, as one would often expect from a device so cheap. The screen is surprisingly well made and durable. While it's not the sharpest one out there, it's not exactly blurry either at 1024 x 600 pixels. There is only a single speaker, and no sort of flashlight aside from the screen. The speaker gets to a decent volume, but I would not consider it to be loud. I took a leap of faith here in buying this and I am so very glad that I did because this tablet has far surpassed my expectations in every way. The games are smooth and fast with minimal lag from what I've seen so far. This plays demanding 3d games pretty well I may add. The Amazon store has a lot of cool free things to mess with when you first start out. It only took about a half an hour or so to set up and update everything. The micro sd slot accepts up to 128gb cards. Battery life is ok. If not gaming on this, you can expect 6 hours or more. With light use, this could last all day on a single charge. Video is smooth and the screen is nice and surprisingly bright. The responsiveness of the screen is spot on. I can't really mention any downfall , because there really isn't any. The one thing I will say could be better it the wifi. When set to default settings, wifi kept turning off on me. Once I set wifi up to be always on, it was much better. You usually get what you pay for. In this case, you get more. This unit feels like it could have easily cost well over $100. I'm just sad that I didn't yet get a protective case for mine. I would HIGHLY recommend this product to friends, family, or anyone who needs a nice tablet or wants a nice gift for someone. This Amazon Fire 7 inch tablet earns a solid 10 out of 10 stars from me. I'm picky too. If you are even slightly considering this, just buy it. You won't be disappointed.
Great features and for an excellent price. I bougth it for my son, 6 yrs old. It allows me to control what features he can use, Apps, books, videos, etc. He used an Android one (my wife's) before, and with this he still has access to all the apps he regularly used.
For having a discount for this price it was a deal i couldn't pass up. Even when everywhere seems to be sold out of this item i was still able to find best buy mobile had them in stock. Makes a great stocking stuff.
This tablet is very easy to use and a perfect size.
Great product. It was on sale and I didn't think it was going to be great but it was
Got them as birthday presents for my grandsons and love them
I'm a proud owner of 2 kindles and 3 kindle fires, my entire family loves them. I love how child friendly they are.
I purchased it to read books and I love the fact that I can play games on it also. Works fine and is easy to use and for the price I do not think you can go wrong.
I bought this tablet as a Christmas gift. It is a great tablet for a great price!
Best Tablet under $50. It works great with a perfect size to hold in hand. Great deal.
I have the happiest grandson ever. Which makes me the best grandma ever!!
For $50 this table was a no brainer. It's fantastic. Light, good battery life and I get the apps that I want/need.I am not a fan of the Silk browser, but I didn't buy this to surf. I bought it to read books and watch Netflix. It works perfectly for that. It's so good, I bought 2.
I have dabbled in the market for a inexpensive tablet for a while and found this and boy am I glad I did. Tablet runs faster than I thought and has a very good display. If you can't afford an Ipad get this!
First I must say out of the box I'd rate this tablet 3 stars for a few reasons.1)No Google Play store (which means no Google apps) and stuck with Amazon App Store.2)Have to pay $15 to remove ad filled lockscreenHowever I rooted the device within 30 minutes of owning it which A)installs Google Play services and B)removes the ad lockscreen. The tablet is now easily 5 stars. I wanted something to mainly read books, magazines and news on. This does those things great. I've also tested a few videos form a few sites like Prime Video & YouTube and it works great. Sure, there are better looking tablets out there with better screens but this one works fine for what I want.Overall I'd highly recommend this tablet if you root it and install Google Play Store. If you want to keep it as is out of the box, I'd recommend staying away from Amazon and going a full fledged Andriod tablet like Samsung.
The tablet exceeded my expectations for $35. Kids love to play games on it and is great for social media.
This is the third one in our house. It's great for book reading, surfing the web and checking emails
My wife loves it she uses it every night to read her romance novels so if my wife's happy I'm happy!!!
For the price that I paid for this tablet, ut is a great deal. It does exactly what i bought ir for
My kids love them and they have yet to break them! Unlike some others I've tried that cost twice as much.
Love my Kindle fire so easy to use and amazon customer service is amazing
I love this item...I got it for my grand daughter for Christmas and I am sure she will love it also...this is her first tablet and it has all the features she'll love!!
Bought this for my 10 year old for Christmas she is going to love it I've already downloaded a bunch of book and apps for her so it will be all set for Christmas morning
For the price that I paid, 35 dollars, it is more than enough. the best is the front and rear camera.
I bought this for my 7 year old for Christmas. I set it up and then wrapped it so its ready to play as soon as it is unwrapped. Free apps are good, some l get on my android are not available here. School websites dont work. Wish I had waited for black friday price but am overall happy with purchase.
What can I say, for 50 dollars this tablet surprised me. I did buy it during Black Friday when it was on sale, yet still worth the 50(regular price). It may not have the best screen resolution nor screen size yet it runs smooth. I have been able to watch Netflix and play games on it with no problem. Plus your able to expand the storage up to a 128gb that is crazy. This is going to be my travel tablet and I did buy a second one for my cousin for Christmas. I think overall for 50 dollars you can't complain and am very happy with the purchase made.
This is perfect for my 2 year old. I love the option for 2 accounts...the kid account is very streamline.
Size is perfect for little hands, Great features and excellent reviews. Great amount of space needed for use.
The Whispersync technology that allows a child to read a book and listen to the audio book while it highlights the words is an indispensable tool for young readers.
If you want a tablet to perform basic functions, you can't do any better than the Kindle Fire 7. Check email, social media, surf the web, download and read ebooks with no problems. Good battery life.
I got this as a Christmas gift for my 4 year old son and he absolutely loves it. It is very user friendly and I love the parental controls.
It was a great gift to give for some one who can not afford a tablet.
This is an amazing tablet for the price! I bought 4 at Christmas for the grands and one for me!
I use this mostly as an e-reader but it is also great for web browsing and e-mail. I didn' t expect such good performance for the price but I have no complaints.
We bought these a Christmas for our 3 children they have been a great present the kids really enjoy them
This is fast and good size for the kids no fit the big ones but still a good option
Bought for my children. The love their tablets and the price was right
Have now had for a month and I have to say the speed of this tablet is good. Really no lag on browsing. Only major downfall that some games might lag a bit. But for the most part it will do pretty much any other tablet double or even triple its price will do.
We have two laptops and smart phones but love having the tablet to use instead of our phones
Got it on Black Friday sale and it works pretty good. Nice Hd quality and ease of use.
Love this! Very easy for child or adult to use. Great price too
Easy to understand and good quality of colors on display .
I currently own an Amazon Fire Kindle. My kids love this one. It's the perfect size for them.
Does everything you need a tablet to do in a small package. I gave it as a gift and the recipient can't put it down. I have the first generation Kindle Fire and I still love it!
I purchased 2 of these for my 4 & 5 year old grandsons as a Christmas present. They loved them! Easy to use, great screens & volume!
Gir two for my sisters well worth the $50. Simple present for anyone
My daughter loves this tablet. We purchased it for her for Christmas. I found a great bumper case on Amazon and very cheap. This was an awesome deal!
We got this for the kids grandmother to keep her occupied and it's doing a great job at it! She has NO complaints and enjoys it
Great tablet for simple surfing and reading. Serves it purpose!!
Got these as Christmas presents for some of my family members and I must say they love it.
Bought this tablet for my 4 year old and also one for my father. Both are able to use this for their own purposes and are very happy. Price is good, especially since kids tend to be a bit rough with electronics. Plus for profile creation and restricting access to features from kids.
I am amazed with this tablet. For the price I expected something cheaply made to last a short while. I was wrong!! Very sturdy yet light enough not to give you hand/arm cramps while holding it for long periods of time. If you have any downloads you will need a separate SD card for memory. The down side to this is that if you do not install it before you start using it, you may have to reboot the tablet to get it to engage your new memory. The standard 8 gig will only hold what the machine needs and maxing out the internal memory may make it lock up. I put in a 32 gig card and downloaded several movies and books and it still have a ton more space and runs really fast (no streaming issues). We recently took it on a week long vacation and it was great to have downloaded games, books, movies, etc for the teens to watch/play. Overall, a great product for a really great price!!
Very simple setup and a great little item for the price.
I think this is a great product/ solution, especially for the price. I needed to replace my portable DVD player. I have 2 young kids and still wanted something to play movies on the planes and during car trips. After looking at my options I decided on getting them both a Kindle for about the same price of 1 DVD player. HEADS UP: The Disney Anywhere app takes some work to download the movies on the kindle but there is a way. You have to access it through Amazon movies in order to download them. I got a MicroSD card to store the movies on and so far so good! They held up, supplied games, movies and when there is Wi-Fi they can play ABCMouse to get some learning in there too. Great buy. Good luck getting those movies downloaded :)
Got it during black Friday weekend at a great price, works good no problems with them.
I use this table to control all of the smart devices in my home. Its the perfect size to do so. Also has the convenience of everyone in the home having the ability to do so with out have to us "my" phone.
The kids have really enjoyed playing on their new tablets!
love my fire. its much better looking at this screen instead of my phone. and my other computer is big. this is just right to things I need to do like watching videos or tv in quiet place.
Bought as a gift but have one as well...love it! Great price!
It's very nice and compact. Perfect for kids 10 and under.
I got this to replace an old Kindle that had no light. Works great and the price can't be beat!
I loved this product. Excellent for the price. so much you can do on this. Also excellent for kids.
Love my new kindle fire. Gives me a tablet at a great price. Highly recommend this kindle
If one is new to tablets, this little table is a good introduction to the tablet world. Much can be learned and accomplished for the small investment. Try one!
Use for surfing and general use. Had for 2 mths works and operates great . Screen is clear
Was looking for a nice size tablet when a great price..so far they love the tablet
Its a great tablet for the basics that my grandson uses. He finds many hours of entertainment with it by playing games and looking up general info on line.
I love the Amazon - Fire - 7 Tablet. The screen view/ quality is great! I was worried about the durability at first being that I want to carry it around with me while traveling however I have not had any problems. I plan on using this tablet to supplement my laptop and will definitely recommend it to others.
I bought this for my brother and he loves it. He uses it to watch videos, surf the web, and read books.
This tablet is perfect for me, my kids, and for on the go. It's a brand I trust.
Great price on Black Friday! Works perfectly as a child's tablet for educational games teaching letters, numbers, math, etc.
Good tablet for the price. Nothing g fancy but my young children like them a lot.
Purchased for Christmas for my grandkids. The perfect gift to keep them off my phone using my data.
I got a great price on this item, it was a gift and my mom loves it. Easy to start using on day 1.
I'm an android developer, and as such have owned and operated maybe 20 android devices and 10 iOS devices in the last five years. Honestly, the Fire is a bit faster and more stable than many tablets 2-3x its price. I find the UI a bit cluttered- it takes a fair amount of swiping to get where I want, and the home screens stretch on a bit with the default arrangement- but its a wonderful way to read books, check the internet, and do general web browsing. And since its a major name brand tablet , its very easy to find screen protectors and cases at even five below, which fit it perfectly. Too many cheap tablets are such a small, specialized item that you'll never be able to find replacement parts or matching cases. Overall, one of my three favorite devices out of 30 or so.
I got this tablet for my young nephew. I love the playtime feature so his parents can monitor how long he spends daily on the tablet.
I bought this for my son and it works great. The parental controls are easy to use and I love the curfew option.
Bought ut for my 7 year old and it works great. It is a great price and a good way to help your child learn about the technology.
Needed a replacement tablet and looked at a variety of options. The Fire was at a good price and is working well.
Sleak littoe device for the price for normal everyday use.
This is an outstanding tablet, especially for the money. Does all I need it to do at a great price.
This was my daughter first tablet. She loves it and it's amazing, for the price it can't be beat.
This was a great gift for any teenager you have access to a great library.
I bought it for my son and it keep him going. I love it.
My kids use this when we travel and they absolutely love it to be able to play games, watch movies or just read books. We love these!
If you don't have a tablet or your kid doesn't this is a great option. Durable and an excellent value.
I love the Fire. It is great for reading and watching movies. I added Amazon Prime and this made it perfect!
I like buying stuff from Bestbuy because, it's always seems cheaper than others!!!
Got it for my 2 daughters for Christmas and they very happy
Nice price for all you get great product all best buy employees
Simple to use and great for beginners! I'm buying one for my son too.
Cool tablet kids love it affordable nice gb size awesome
I was uncertain about the fire tablet since I own an iPad mini. Bought it for my mother and love it! It works smoothly, the system is awesome and my mother loves it as well! I also got the HD 8 for my daughter
for the price it is worth it... for below usd50.00 you get a decent tablet
This was a great purchase. I love the size and functionality.
Bought for grandkids. They loved it and I'd recommend it to everyone.
Perfect for my four year old daughter w/ geek squad protection
It is very easy to use and i love that it syncs with my phone app for holding my reading spot.
For the price it was well worth it. Tablet works great and definitely better than other tablets at this price. It's perfect for reading or playing games and very easy to use!
Good all-around tablet, able to multitask many things.
I love it my amazon fire tablet . It is great for kids to
I bought this for my dad. He loves it and it's easy to use.
I purchased this item before b but did not buy a case for protection. I bought two. One for each grandson, They are three days apart. This time I've bought them cases and the parents are happy. They have learned how to navigate them and have learned so much from them. They both are advanced preschoolers, Thanks to this investment. Thank you for b bringing the price down, this has inspired me to have my sister purchase some for her five grands. We are all happy. Thank you again.
Bought two as gifts for our daughters. Thought since they recently started to read books again and would buy the actual books or try to read them on their phones, it would make a perfect gift. They love to be able to download books from Amazon and be able to use it as a tablet with tons of entertainment at their fingertips.
I recently bought this as a blind buy for a christmas gift for a family member and they really enjoyed it. Also a great price.
We are very happy with this tablet the ability to expand the memory is awesome
Fun for the kids to play with in their spare time.
I purchased this tablet for my grandchildren over the holidays. they are 3 and 6yrs old. they love it . it's easy to use - and they are able to scroll through the programs easily.
Purchased this black Kindle as a gift for my niece after having one for my kids for a year. It runs great and at that price there are no complains.
I bought this for my wife who really likes the Amazon Tablets. She said she really enjoyed the very clear picture and how fast it was. Like they say.... "Happy Wife....Happy Life"
I love my kindle fire it is very convenient and handy, perfect size
I cannot believe this came with the SD Card slot. This is by far the best amazon tablet purchased
Purchase this tablet for my mother. Her first tablet to read books.
I had a kindle once before, and decided to try the fire. It was at a great price, and I love it.
Very powerful, tablet, can do so much with it, love it! Love the kindle, so many titles available.
my son uses it to learn about the internet. down loaded some games. that he can play and have fun with. was a little small. I wish I got a bigger one. but it was a good price. still need to figure out how to do more with it. like take pics,
I really like the Amazon Fire Tablet because it is easy to navigate, the size of the screen is good, and the weight of the product is not too heavy. I purchased the first one for my husband a couple of years ago, but he broke it and I decided that it would be a great Christmas gift for him since he really enjoyed the first one. Because I really like the product, I have recommended it to several people who have purchased one.
Use this tablet for travel - has mini sd to keep movies and files- great for kindle book downloads - fabulous price
Bought this tablet for my best friend for Christmas she loved it.
Best small tablet on the market hands down. Easy bright great touch screen.
Very easy to setup and use. Like the picture or screen. Bought 5 gave them as gifts. Everyone loved them.
I have a older kindle loved it. I love the new storage on this one and easy to use buttons. Great battery life.
This tablet was purchased as a gift. I've had 2 other Kindle tablets and they've always been great. Can't beat the price.
great price, great screen and resolution, easy to use and good performance for less than $50.
I love it! Loaded lots of things for my self and kids. The price was also great !! Even my kinds can use it easily . I have recommended it to many of my friends and family . Enjoying it to the fullest . I use over wifi and with my internet as well
This is my third Kindle. At the $49. price this is an incredible tablet. I highly recommend this product.
Can't beat this product for the price. Good screen quality and decent speed. Cameras aren't that great but it's not really for pictures. Overall, a great product!
I ordered this as a Christmas present for my wife. She fell in love with it!!!
This is the 3rd Kindle Fire I have bought. This one was a present for my nephew. I love the Fire tablets, the graphics and picture quality is great. Amazon offers many of the same high quality apps as Apple. I actually have an iPad too but would rather play on my Fire tablet. I have used my Fire tablets in classes, read magazines and books, and watch TV shows and movies for free as I have Amazon Prime.
I bought 2 of these for my niece & nephew! They think I'm awesome now!!! I'd say they were definitely worth the purchase.
This is a nice tablet with quality that I would expect from a higher priced unit.
excellent product able to get on the internet for movies, research, games communications, web surfing.
I bought 2, 1 for my wife to replace her older tablet and 1 for my grandson, who is 8 yrs old. They both love their fire. My wife has told me it is fast and easy to operate while my grandson takes it everywhere and plays games on it.
I bought this for my 12-year-old daughter. The camera, space, and design work perfectly for her. She loves it!
I have been using my phone to play games and Facebook. This Tablet is awesome. Wish I had bought several more for my grand children.
It's very easy to navigate threw! My child loves it!
I bought two of these as Christmas gifts and my little sisters absolutely love these!! Almost as fast as my iPad. Hopefully they continue to work this way.
We bought it for our kids and they love it its really easy for them to use it
A bit slow for some games, but for general browsing and reading it is more than satisfactory. I think it is great for its designed purpose
worth the price and pretty useful around the house
Easy my kids love it....easy set up ....easy to use
I bought this for my kids aged 7 and 3. It's strong, bright, light weight, affordable and easy to use. I have never used any of the Amazon Fire products so there was a learning curve but and hour later I feel like a Fire pro.
This tablet is great for the kids. And it was cheap when I got it. Its recommendable for kids when they play games
I was hesitant to buy, thinking the tablet would not be very good, but for the price of $49.99, it's been great for my teenage niece. She uses it to watch movies, FB, You Tube, and web.
My son loves this. We've had two other tablets, both cost about the same as this. The others were pretty unusable. This table is fantastic, definitely great value for the money.
I decided to buy my son a tablet. After lots of research, this turned out to be the best one for it's price point. It even has expandable memory! So if you want a simple go to tablet I highly recommend this one!
this is a great tablet at a great price. it is very user friendly.
Easy to use, great gor reading, easy to download books
very easy to use. this is just perfect size to carry with me
First time tablets for the childeren. Great gift at a great price, the parents love them too. Basic tablet with many features that are very useful to the whole family. Not too sure about battery life just yet.
This is very easy to handle and perfect for the kids
Got this for $35 on Black Friday. Even if I paid full price I'd be more than happy with it. Nice and portable and does everything you'll need.
A fast and good quality tablet for the money that you spend.
This is for our 2 year old. Yes, she is 2 and yes she knows how to use these. This tablet is perfect for simple use, children, reading, etc. I wouldn't want to boggle it down with hundreds of apps, but this does it's job and was a great deal at that price!
Bought as holiday gifts for older kids. They loved them. I helped set up and you can tell the quality of the product by the way it feels in your hands. Very quick processing. Suggest buying micro sd cards for additional storage space. 8GB isn't much.
Bought as presents for the grand-kids. Perfect size for them...perfect price for us. Win Win
This was a great christmas gift, for the person that I bought it for. They asked Santa for it, and it looks like he came through again this year. It may be a while before I get a thank you, cause it came from santa---- Check your santa mail box. they might say how much they liked it.
The amazon fire i bought for christmas works great.
My kids love there kindles. They want put them down. This was a great Christmas gift
Bought this for my young cousins and they love it!
great product used by all ages and everyone love it
Excelent tablet, great price. It's good for any age. You don't need to expend a lot of money, we bought on thanksgiving and we paid less than $49.99.
I can't believe it's so cheap now. I had the previous model and it was great. I mostly use it for reading, but it's great that you can add other apps to pass the time.
This is a gift to my daughter, she likes to play games and web browsing with it, and she is very happy with this tablet.
Got this tablet on Black Friday. I love how easy it was to get this tablet up and going. Now I don't have to use my phone to get on the internet. If you are looking for an affordable tablet, this is the one for you.
i am glad i got them for my grand children they r enjoying them
We are enjoying our TV with the surround system. The picture is great as you can see detail's in people and back ground we didn't notices before. We need to get a new dish receiver to move the TV to its new location were we will be wireless.
Purchase was good. Very easy to set up and use. Clear screen. Easy to charge. Would like more storage.
I brought this tablet for my mother, who's never touched a computer, and she loved it. It's great for beginners, and well worth the cost.
It was a great buy at Black Friday easy to use very portable
Yes, you get ads on the lockscreen but the Fire OS has improved do much that it makes up for any shortcoming. It's a great tablet for the price
Purchased this as a christmas gift for my mom who isn't to tech davy. She loved it and says its easy to navigate.
If your connected to amazon the tablet is great to use.
The tablet was cheap and a great deal. The kids love it. It is very nice because it has a kids mode and a separate parent mode.
You can download free apps, take good pics and the resolution looks great!
This is a fantastic tablet. I take it to workAll the time.
I should've bought more when I had the chance. It's a compact tablet and good for the value.
The price is perfect and the portability can't be beat!
This tablet works wonders great price my grandchildren love it . My granddaughter love downloading books my grandsons enjoy the games.
Bought for kids like how sturdy they are my son has dropped his twice and it must keeps on going. Also. Added Amazon prime which is a great deal.
A cheap tablet that is a very good bang for your buck.
Great tablet especially for the price.Brother loved it for Christmas.
Bought it for my 16yr old for Christmas and she loved it...uses it to surf the internet and social media. Also uses it for movies and music. Great deal for the price, would recommend.
This tablet was a great buy. The price was lovely, so I purchased three of them for my nephews for Christmas! They love them! They've been very functional for what they are being used for. I have no complaints and they don't either!
Good deal. I recommended this tablet to several family members.
I picked this up during Black Friday and managed to get it cheaper than MSRP. My girlfriend and I have it in the living room to pick up and use whenever another screen is occupied by something else. It's very useful, and since we weren't looking for anything with deep features, it was well worth the price.
I bought this for myself on Black Friday and am very pleased. For a FIFTY DOLLAR tablet, it has a great display and battery life. It's capabilities are below many system requirements of applications and games meaning they may not run at all or if they do, poorly. That's fine for my needs as apps/games aren't my focus. If you're buying a tablet for games/apps I would recommend looking past the Amazon tablets and over to full android os tablets or ipads as the google play and apple app store have muchhh more options. In that case, it definitely is worth it to spend more for tablet capabilities.I use my amazon fire 7" tablet for reading, searching the internet, shopping from amazon, and watching movies from my sd card. It works great for my needs. The volume is fine and it does have bluetooth so I have my bluetooth ear buds connected to them most of the time. It's the perfect size and weight and does not feel 'budget.' Note: the invisible screens for this tablet are SUCH A PAIN to install and in my opinion not even worth it. If you want to protect the screen, I would recommend going with amazon's fire case it's very nice quality and the cover flap flips over to protect the screen when you're not using it.My point, if you know what you're getting and are ok with that, you're going to really appreciate this tablet.
Amazon did a fantastic job. I gave it to my father as a Christmas gift and he loves it.
You give an amazing 7 tablet, with front and rear facing cameras, a nice interface, fairly snappy performance and durability, all for under 50 bucks! I cant imagine not buying these for your kids, but not a primary tablet for a techie adult by any means.I f you are looking for a great entry level tablet that does most of the things people want, this little tablet definitely delivers the value.
It is perfect for anyone and especially for a child moving on from a Kurio. It is easily regulated by a parent with the parental controls.
It's fast ,well build would recommend for anyone who has young kids
Brought it for my mom and she loves it . It is easy to use and it works great!!
Picked one of these Fire tablets up today for the crazy price of $39.99. I didn't really need it, but the extra $10. of was just too tempting. Charged it up, connected to WiFi and all was good to go. Played around with it for a couple of hours and it worked perfectly. Video and sound were good, speed was nice, and I am really impressed with the price. My wife's Kindle paperwhite case cost as much as this full feature tablet. Time will tell about longevity, but first impression is, this is a great little tablet..
It's great for doing anything on Amazon. However you cannot use Google cards to purchase anything with. They're great for reading books surfing the net games, are abundance and the processor is fast so you really don't have a lag
Bought these for Christmas, and it was the hit of the gifts! The kids and adults loved them. The adults appreciated the ability to monitor the fires, liked to use them also.
I purchased this tablet and have been pleasantly surprised how simple it is to use. Very user friendly and have not one complaint!
I would recommend this tablet to everyone that wants a tablet. It is real easy to play games, Facebook and google.
Love my tablet, it is now my best of best friend!!!
gave my dad my kindle two years ago and at xmas time i loved the price and upgrades of camara and sd card
This is a great table for an amazing price! It's perfect for reading books, playing games, checking email, etc. I would definitely reccomend this!
This is a great tablet for the price. It comes with amazon app store and has plenty of apps and selections. Don't miss this deal!
Bought this as a gift for my 7 year old niece and she loves it! It's entertaining and easy enough for her to navigate through!
I got this for my niece. She loves it! I am happy she is enjoying it!
Purchased 6 of these tables for Christmas presents and was extremely surprised with how well they work for the price. The Amazon environment takes a little getting used to but the functionality of the tablet is great for the price.
I heard about the Kindle from a friend . So when the BB clerk told me about the Kindle Fire, I decided to buy one. I am very happy that I did. Now whenever something comes up on TV that I don't understand, my Kindle Fire finds the info very quickly.
This is a good tablet at a great price. Love it!!!
excellent for children school without breaking the bank
I love it because my grandson can use itEasily to play his games
I bought an Amazon Fire tablet for $50 and it's been able to handle anything I throw at it. I even run Kodi and other apps on it. I have a Bluetooth keyboard with word processing app, and even an external mouse for it. Finally, it runs emulators too. Love my fire tablet. It's the best $50 I ever spent.
I've bought 2 of these tablets now for my kids, they're a great value for its low price. Great screen quality, everything you need in a tablet and good size. Very happy with them.
This a good tablet. How ever I made it better by putting cyanogen mod on this to use the full android operating system
It was a great purchase. I purchased 2 within one month.
I had a kindle for years. It finally would not keep a charge. I like the smaller Kindle for my books so it is easy to hold in bed at nite. This is perfect.
I love my new Kindle! Very easy to use and a great price!!! I take it everywhere!
Bought 2 for birthday gifts for grandkids!!! Reasonable priced and they work great!!!
I own several iPads but wanted to try one of these as I am an Amazon Prime member. These are a STEAL and what a value. The fact that you can insert a micro SD card to expand storage is a huge plus and I have been very pleased with the availability of APPs. I will be taking my this to Europe and have been able to download a bunch of movies for the trip from my Amazon Prime membership. I purchased at Best Buy with a gift card and now use it more than my iPad.
this is a fun & valuable tablet.we(three of us ) all enjoy games & the reading stories.
Great tablet for the price well built and worth every penny
Great Tablet. Its Easy to use and it's kid friendly.
Wonderful graphics, it met all my expectations. The camera and the price were a great bonus.
I bought this tablet for my little brother. He was used to Google's Android operating system. This tablet runs on Amazon's system, but is more user friendly. He loves this tablet and it was easy for him to learn.
It works good for kids and wherever you need for and good size
This kindle was purchased for my mother. She took to the kindle with ease. She was able to navigate through the device without any problems. She is very happy with her kindle.
I bought this for my parents. It is easy to operate.
This is my second kindle fire I love the ease of use with the fire and all my books
Bought it for my niece and nephews as a beginner tablet and turned out pretty well. Value buy.
The grandkids needed some research help for school. I researched and found that the Amazon tablet was the the best for any age. Best But was the best place to go for the best buy and price....
One of the best tablets other than android out there
A nice tablet for the money. I use the Fire as a secondary tablet to by iPad but I find I use it as much as the iPad. Great for traveling because of its size. I am happy with the purchase. I have found that it charges fine when using the cord/plug that comes with the unit but charges slow if you use a different cord/plug.
Excellent product at a great price! Perfect for my little boy
I bought 2 of these as gifts for my nephews. They loved having their own tablets. Great price. Highly recommend!
I bought this to replace my Nook since it was such a great deal..it did not disappoint. Great graphics sharp fun games and free apps.
I purchased 2 Fire tablets for my foster children, and I must say , I love them! The Fire give parents so much control over what the kids can do it. The best feature is the curfew it has on it. You can set it for a time to come on and off, and more than anything, you can set it so, they will have to spend a certain amount of time on educational activity before it allows them to start watching videos or playing games, etc. I love it!
Great tablet with a lot of worth apps and everything for a low price.
I have purchased several kindle fires over the years for kids and family members and am always very happy with the product. The new, lower price just makes them more appealing.
Bought this for one of my granddaughters for her birthday (10 yr old) and she absolutely loves it. It has 'parental controls' which is important for her mom to keep her out of where she doesn't need to be, etc. For $50, I think it's a great buy, especially for a young child. I'm happy with the purchase.
I have to say this tablet is perfect for my young kids and durable!
Easy too use and a plus for wife to read books being a prime member
I bought this tablet for one reason and it has accomplished that perfectly. To stop my 8 year from nagging me everyday that he wants a tablet. I haven't had to hear those words once in two weeks after months of nagging me. Had I know I could get him a cheap one instead of an iPad I would have taken care of this a Long long time ago. 53 stars in my books.
This tablet is not even and introduction to tablets, it is a full tablet. It does not have mobile access but you can do everything through wifi. Once you download items they become available to you offline. You can even add a 128 Gb memory card so you never run out of offline things to enjoy.The family sharing feature is excellent, particularly the one that allows you to created children profile. Your kids are protected and learn and play based on your criteria.
Awesome tablet and what a great price!!!!! Would buy this tablet a million times over!!!!!!!!
My son really likes the kindle fire and it so easy for him to use
I buy these often for trade show booth prizes. The customers are always excited about them, and they make great gifts!
Bought it for 12 year old. Works great and he loves it. Very happy.
I love this tablet! It's easy to use and set up! I love reading books and magazines on the tablet! The apps are great and easy to use! This is an all around great device!
Great tablet for my kids to use. Plenty of apps to choose, easy to set up and add parental controls. Cheap enough as well for what my kids use it for games and videos instead of spending 4 times as much on a different tablet
this is the perfect table to download books from Amazon....
Love this Gadget it's pretty amazing for adults and children very useful
This tablet is great - the size is just right for carrying it in your purse or backpack. The clarity of the screen is very good. You can play games, access email, search the web, etc. Would recommend to a new purchaser.
The tablet has been great for reading and the picture is large enouph
I love my fire... The games and the pictures great
Love this tablet, great price and is really fast. Is worth every penny.
Kids love it to death! Games and tv also learning its wonderful
Much lighter than my last Kindle, I love it. Great value for the price.
Wanted to buy a reliable and cost effective tablet. Was afraid the screen might be too small. Dad loved it. He is 70 and not too tech savvy but is able to browse the Internet, use Skype and listen to music. He is afraid he will purchase something by mistake and get a charge on his credit card. :)
I recently bought this for my son who HP tablet died on him a month before I got him the Fire. Best thing I've done!! It didn't cost a lot and it's made solid with beautiful deep colors and smooth video playback. I'm seriously thinking of buying one for myself soon. If you are looking for a tablet to play games and watch movies this the perfect little travel mate for you.
Excellent tablet for watching movies and TV. Get the extra memory SD card and you will be good to go.
My grand daughter wanted a tablet and this was a wonderful purchase for her birthday. The price was excellent and it does everything she was looking for and more. She never wants to put it down!
I purchased the two tablets for two of my three grand children, they are both very happy with the fire tablets and things have been very peaceful in my son's house since i gave them to the kids.
I went shopping on Black Friday just with plans to buy a GPS, then there was a display of the Amazon Fire tablets, people were grabbing them quickly, I grabbed four myself, I saved one for my wife and myself, two for presents. I use the tablet more than my laptop, this tablet is filled with games, an excellent camera, watch T.V. & Sports, reading Books, it comes with 8gb but it can handle up to 128gb.
Can't beat this lil tablet on value.Purchsed on black Friday so we got a great deal.Good battery life and the user experience is good too.I've had no problems with it and I am happy with my purchase.
Love the kindle product have purchased several kindles and several types and this is another great product. this model doesnt have the auto dimming feature that i like on previous model but still a great kindle
My daughters having fun with this tablet, great Christmas present.
I got this for myself. The price on this is amazing for what you get. Yes I would of liked to get an iPad because I'm very used to Apple an I have a iPhone but the price difference between these it pretty much a no brainier for me.
We looked into tablets for three of our children for Christmas. There were three things we looked for: the ability to use it for books, games and videos and our ability to control the activity. The kindle fire gave us all those and more. I love that we can increase the storage when/ if we want to. I love that we can control play time. I was concerned because all of our kids were used to our iPad, but they have had no issues adjusting to the change. We are extremely happy with this purchase!!
I love my tablet so far! It does everything I need it to. Movies, music, games, and books. I love it for streaming movies. The video quality is fantastic. Reading is also super easy and I don't get headaches from the screen. Definitely happy. Bought my hubby one too.
I bought this for my mother for Christmas and she absolutely loves it. Originally I thought of the idea for her to read on so she could make the font larger, but now she is using it for so many other things. She is a happy mom
Bought this tablet foe my 8 years old son and he love it.
I was looking for something new to use to read with and this was a good choice. Easy to navigate, multi functional and great color!
nice pickup for my wife who is just learing to use a tablet
This product is great for kids! Not so expensive or fragile that you have to be super careful with it but great for the basics!
I picked up 2 of these for my girls (ages 5 and7). They are constantly on them to play games and watch movies. At $50 each, these are great alternatives to an IPad. Also, there is no angst if they are lost or broken.
Purchased this tablet for a 9 yr old and it's perfect. Easy to use and very durable. He is very happy.
Nice tablets to take on the go!!! Also great for reading books.
I bought this tablet for my dad for Christmas and he loved it! I had to show him how to use it (of course), but now he has the hang of it!! Great buy!
Love it ,great product for a great price. Will be getting another one
I bought 2 for my 4 and 5 year old and thet love it.
The Amazon fire 8 is by far one of the easiest tablets to navigate through all the Apps and with PRIME membership it's truly a very easy and good sturdy design.
Great price for the device. Many options, easy to use!
Works very well. Was able to get it to work with my tablet and all our Samsung phones. Easy to setup family app's with Amazon prime.
A great entry level tablet, all other tablets at that price don't stack up.
My high school aged daughter just wanted a small tablet to watch Netflix and read books. This tablet is the perfect fit and I don't have to worry about her carrying around her expense iPad to school. I'm thinking about getting one for Grandma too.
My children love this tablet. It's fun and easy for them to use!
This item is a great product. Let's me use it for different things.
Bought for my grandchildren,easy for them to use, Great downloads for kids,they love the easy to use camera.Great prices.The book downloads for them to read.I highly recommend this product,for anyone who has children!
Practical and easy to use. Does what it needs to for the price
The tablet is a great value and resource for our 3 kids!
This product was a great one, and the tablet does everything I wanted it to. Some of the websites I go to don't open but other than that it is great I love it.
I purchased as a gift for a five year old, and he loves it. He has downloaded several educational games, and he loves it. Very easy to use, and has a great battery life. The price is great, and the tablet is great for the amount you pay.
I purchased this tablet to read books online and I love it the screen is nice.
Just the right size for e-mail, games, and surfing. Fits in most purses or backpacks. Love it!
It doesnt get any better than this for a travel tablet, or for kids. The size is perfect and function is seemless with prime. Excellent product.
This is a great tablet, just the right size. I wish the cord was longer, but it was still really good. It stays charged for the right amount of time.
Bought it for young granddaughter for Christmas. Husband liked it and bought himself one.
This is my first kindle, and I am using it to read, play a few games, although not really a gamer. Over all I am really liking this kindle. Great deal too.
The tablet is not top of the line, but for using it for games, reading, watching movies, it works great. A lot of inexpensive tablets are junk but Amazon has put out a reliable product. I would recommend also getting a micro sd card.
I bought it for my son-in-law. He loves it! He wanted it as another device instead of his iPhone. This way he won't be disturbed by emails when using it. It was a great price too!
It was the perfect Christmas present. Made everyone smile
I bought this for my wife for Mother's Day. She loves reading but with the little ones in the house books were hard to keep. We are both very pleased with this as I can use it for a few books too. The picture and color on this thing is pretty darn good. I'm pleased with the sound as well. Overall this price is too good to pass up if you want a color screen reading tablet, this is a solid choice.
My kids love these tablets, they can use these tablets for school and leisure. I can manage how much time they have to use their devices and can add additional accounts to each tablet and control each account separately. This was a great buy!
I managed to make 4 kids very happy this Christmas with each getting their very own tablet! Great for gaming, emailing, streaming music & videos!
I love everything about this tablet. The look, feel, speed, and ease of use are perfect for my 8 year old. I bought several of these at Christmas time.
We have books and learning apps on it he loves it. I think that it's all around good tablet for kids or adults
I purchased two tablets for Christmas gifts and they were great!
Its a great tablet. Its easy to use and connect to wifis.
Got it as an Xmas present for the brother in law. He loves it. Easy to read and play with
The Kindle Fire was extremely easy to set up. It is user friendly and its size is great. It fits in my purse so I can have it with me when I need it.
It's a great product for my son and I love bestbuy
This is a great tablet for the price! Purchased for my 10 year old son. He uses to play games, watch movies, read books - pretty much anything. Picture is good too.
Perfect for my 8 year old nephew. He absolutely loves it and uses it everyday!
Love this tablet I got it for my two toddler sons and they love it as well
This tablet has proven to be a great durable device for the grand kids. Using them for games and books for school work.
Got two of these for my father and mother in laws for Christmas and they absolutely love them. Easy to use and great first tablet.
This is a great tablet. It is reasonably priced and has great quality.
I was looking for a good tablet, to use for movies, music. And to browse internet And when i saw that this tablet was on sale I had to buy it! and I'm glad I did. This is a great tablet and it"s light i carry in my purse. I Love it!
It is convenient, great size and efficient easy to use
I bought this product for my nephew for Christmas. I was very impressed with how cheap it was price wise. He took it out of the box to use and it was very user friendly when it was set up. He enjoyed being able to download his games and how easy it was to use altogether. Thank you Best Buy and Amazon for making it the best Christmas ever
A greatest Gift to me. Wow ! It is a masterr piece.
Use it for reading my online textbook for class. Easy to read on and like how light and compact it is. Battery life so far has been great but I have only had it close to a month.
The kiddos love this tablet! I bought a different brand last year and it lasted less than 2 months. This is still going strong at 5+ months.
My second Kindle and I was really glad to see that I didn't lose all my photos and books.
This tablet has been great so far. We use it a good bit in the car as well.
Great price for the kids to keep them entertain.i love the price for this item , it didn't break the bank. I would recommend this to everyone.
My parents love their new Kindle Fire HD's!!!!!!!!!
We got both our boys ages 7 and 9 one for Christmas they both picked up how to use it quickly. They both love them and couldn't be happier. Great alternative to a laptop for children.
Bought this because a family member was reading on an iPhone and wanted a bigger screen. Works well and is a fun tablet for the price!
This was a gift, actually bought 2 of these for the grandkids and they love them. Easy to set up and get going-they are solid and well made. Very pleased with this purchase.
Easy to take on trips, hospital or beach. Clear and sharp display. I like that I can add extra space with a stick. The price was right too. I would recommend highly.
I bought 5 of these and they are really easy to set up and my kids love them; might order one for myself. Bought them on Black Friday for $33/each...should have bought mine then.
great handheld device for starters and easy to handle
I bought this as an early Christmas gift for my niece, and found it on sale for a great price. It was easy to set up, booted up quickly, and works perfectly for her. It's not high end by any means, but it is a great little tablet.
bought this tablet for a great price and would recomend it
We bought this last year on Black Friday for a Christmas gift for my dad. He's an avid book reader, and this was something he's always wanted, but would never buy for himself.It's nothing fancy and complicated, but in addition to reading books, you can surf the web and download apps.A year later and he's still thanking us for it.
Bought this for my son who is in college. He has most of his class books online and wanted this tablet to read his course books versus having to tote around his laptop all the time. He uses it almost exclusively and loves the small light option to carrying his laptop all the time.
My kids love their new tablets and it was a great price.
Love it my kids love it nice to travel with nice pictures
Got this for a great deal during Black Friday sale for my small children. I already have Amazon Prime so I get all their shows & movies streaming on the tablet. A great kids' babysitter for one-time cost of $33.
Great Christmas presents. Bought 8. Made my nieces, nephews and grandkids- ages two to twenty-very happy. Nice size and convenient.
My first amazon tablet does not have any removable or expandable memory feature and when I saw that this product has one, I got so excited for this one. Very good display and easy to use for new users. First time tablet users will get a tutorial how to navigate the product so there is no hassle for beginners.
I bought this as a christmas gift.. The person I bought it for had a different brand and had troubles with it, they have been extremely happy with the Fire tablet
This tablet is a great, all-in-one device. It does everything my husband (and my three children, and myself) need. This was the fifth Fire I've purchased in the last 3 years.
All my grand kids have one is the best entertainment for all my 7 grad kids, from 5 to 19 years old. I love this product.
Was considering the HD version, but realized the specs weren't very different. A good tablet for the price paid.
Got his tablet for my 7 year old she so she could play apps and watche videos. Works great and to be able to add memory is a plus.
Bought this for my 1 year old daughter for the learning games has a great variety of apps definitively recommend and cant beat the price only $50
Great color, great item, i bought it as a replacement for another brand, very happy with this purchase
I was looking for something small that was easy to take with us on the go for my daughter to use and play with. It is very easy to use.
It's a great tablet for kids and great videos look great and colorful
It's no iPad but for the price it can't be beat. Mostly use as e reader and the screen is excellent and perfect size for on the go.
This device has a nice front & back camera, screen
It's amazing and I will like to tell a friend and family
The Amazon Kindle is the best tablet on the market!
We purchased this tablet for our niece and it works fantastic!
This tablet is easy to use and it connects to my Wi-Fi easy as well.
I love my new Amazon Fire tablet. Its so easy to use and stays charged for a nice amount of time.
This is a really great tablet me and my kids love it.
Bought the Fire as a way to have a cheap and easy device for my kid to play on when I want/need the iPad, and as a secondary e-reader. I have Amazon Prime, so adding this device to my account/Amazon ecosystem was incredibly easy. I find the ease of purchasing Amazon items both slick and kind of creepy--but I knew that was part of the deal, buying an Amazon device. I can tune it out when I need to, and parental controls are easy to manage. The device is quick/responsive; color, brightness, and resolution are all quite good for a $50 device. It doesn't do everything but it does a heck of a lot for 50 bucks.
Purchased for myself & I just love it......very easy to work with, great features & great price...I would highly recommend this product!!
Best purchase ever, such a small item that delivers big results.
I bought this for my son. Some of his homework needs to be done online and the tablet worked perfectly for it. He could also use it at the zoo to take pictures and use it to play games.
I purchased this product for my 10yr old he uses it for everything. I'm a teacher I recommend this product for all ages excellent tool for school assignments as well .
This was my second one I have bought. These are not water proof
Great tablet from a great company will stay with this company for all other tablet purchases
Using the unit to play games and read. Good Enjoyed using
It's a nice tablet for the price. Very productive.
It's really cool. Who knew I would get such a cool thing in just 35 bucks? Impressive.
Great tablet for the price. I got 2 for my kids and they love it
Its awesome to be able to set certain features to ensure that the child user gets work done prior to free play.
Very good value. Perfect for checking emails, watching videos and browsing the Internet . Only disappointment is the camera is not great quality but ok
Who could could pass up such a deal under $50.Full color H D viewing and easy to use. Read a book or watch TV or a movie. This is an all around fun piece of equipment.
My son wanted this on Black Friday and it was the best purchase! I love that there is a kid mode just for him. I wish I had bought one for myself!
Really enjoyed purchasing thus product for little ones
I love this tablet. It does everything you want it to. And for a great price!
This will be great for my parents who are older because it easy to use.
It is a good buy for the price and the performance is also awesome
Bought this kindle for myself, can't wait to open it.
A tablet that is not too large with great clarity!
Bought this for my mom who has never owned a tablet before, she love's it.easy to use!
I bought this about 3 weeks ago and I love it! You can play games (Although a bit laggy), watch movies/TV shows, read, and do quite a bit with it! The price is amazing! I would for sure buy this again and again! I recommend this if you are wanting a tablet to read! It is a great price for a pretty big screen! (But if you are wanting more of a game tablet I would recommend an Ipad or whatever is at best buy that they recommend.) I definitely think there is enough gigs for a few games and some books! My rating is 10/10!
The kindle is my favorite tablet for reading books
Will recommend to friends and family, best tablet I bought
I researched several different e-readers before deciding to purchase this tablet. This one was the best fit financially and it also allowed me more flexibility to access books from my local library. That feature alone is very valuable. I may decide to upgrade to something with less glare for outdoor reading, but for now this is perfect. Very easy to keep in my bag and since I am an android user this was not difficult to learn.
This is a great Kindle. It has great sound and clarity of the screen. Easy to use.
picked up this fire tablet for the simple reason of reading ebooks purchased through kindle rather than on my phone. it's small enough I can stash it in my bag and easy on the wallet if anything happens to it. go ahead and pick up a case for it and maybe a glass screen protector for added piece of mind
Bought for my son and he loves it. Fast and great for playing games
Looking for a present for that young professional or graduate, this is great. They love technology.
I got this for a friend so she could use the internet and have more entertainment. I was happy with the cost.
Love the kindle products. I bought the original kindle years ago so this is a nice upgrade.
My daughter had been asking for a tablet she loved it and since likes to watch movies and play games and take a bunch of pictures i like that you can expand the memory up to 128 gigs.
I read many of the reviews about this tablet prior to purchasing it and was so glad that I did. It's a great tablet.Simple to use at a price that can't be beat. The item arrived in the promised timeframe and in good condition. Very happy with this purchase and will buy more for gift giving!
The screen on this tablet is very nice- good picture.
I bought two Amazon - Fire - 7" Tablet - 8GB on sale for $39.99 (Reg. $49.99), at Best Buy since I had a $10 reward coupon so only spent $30.00, saved $20.00 for one tablet and another one 2 months later with another coupon for even less for my elderly mother. Both 7" tablets exceeded my expectations and then some. I downloaded all my apps for my Amazon account and Google Play Store. Setting Kodi was as easy as Amazon Fire TV and Fire TV Stick, just download the apps. I love this tablet, it works very well. I bought it because I love to check my e-mails etc. Having a 7" screen makes it all easy and simple. As far as apps go, it has Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and tumblr available. It does not have Instagram available at the Amazon Store, but it does have it at Google Play Store. This Amazon Fire 7" tablet is so lightweight, and you will love it too. As far as technology, it's an awesome tablet for the price, it's one of the nicest size tablets you can get your hands on. It's perfect for a child or an elderly person, to enjoy anywhere. I would highly recommend this tablet.
Bought it for a friend for Christmas. They like it and use it everyday. Definitely recommend it for others.
Purchased this orange Kindle as a gift for my niece after having one for my kids for a year. It runs great and at that price there are no complains.
This is a great tablet for kids to uses for downloading games and using the internet.
great tablet for the price. excellent gift for anyone
This tablet was amazing I love that I can add memory with a memory card.
I purchased this for a child on the angel tree for Christmas.
Exceeds all expectations and perfect fit for my 9 year old.
Very easy to use and the battery life last long on this this tablet. I am very happy that I purchased this item:)
I find that this is the perfect size for reading. Great price point.
My kids are able to use this quite well. Can easily update all the applications.
This was a great tablet for reading and searching the web!
I previously owned the kindle fire hd 8.9. I wanted a smaller tablet and this one is perfect. I use my kindle for books only and I have more than enough room.
I really like it, I can see the letters perfectly and it has a perfect size
Great tablet my 2 kids have 3.They have an extra one for the roadI would definetly recommend it.
I am very satisfied with my Kindle Fire. I am amazed how good it is for the price. I am visually impaired and the voice over is excellent.
Easy to set up and very simple to use.very light and compact.
I use this device for watching movies and TV shows. I will suggest install MX PLAYER for MP4,MKV,ETC videos. It is a nice device for beginners.
This is one of the best buys for the price. Amazon outdid themselves with this one for what you get for the price. This is an excellent gift.
I bought mine in store, I like having what I buy right away, so I didn't feel the need to buy it online, maybe that is why other people may have had a screen problem, could have been during the shipping process because who knows how well the shipping company treats the packages.I use it mainly for watching netflix, and reading books. I love it, feels like I have a kindle, and whats great about it is that its more than just a kindle so I can do more with it. I already have an iphone, and a huge laptop so I won't be using it for like everything like other people may need it for. So it is worth the price because before I was never planning on buying a tablet because I felt like they were expensive and since I already have a phone and laptop I didn't need it but when this came out I was finally happy to find a tablet that the brand is well known and popular.
The new Kindle Fire's price point is amazing. At $50 this tablet is a full-featured device that is practically disposable.
Love this tablet. Has all the best features of a kindle and a regular tablet. It is easy to use and does exactly what it is supposed to do with zero fuss.
For the money this is most likely the best tablet available. This $49 tablet will do everything my Samsung Galaxy 4 will do. I wish Amazon had this available before I purchased the Samsung. I would highly recommend this tablet.
It is a must for Christmas gift, excellent product and price.
this is a really nice e-book reader. Nice white screen, easy to read and operate. For the price I am not sure you can beat this.
I love the ability of my fire to hold ebooks or audio books as well as being able to go online, check email, take and post pictures and updates. I can even play a game while listening to an audio book.
I love this tablet for reading and letting my son who is 4 play games on it. The resolution is not the best in the world but I do not use it to watch movies for hours on end. I wish it was not locked to the Amazon market so that I could get a wider selection of apps than offered, but still good buy nun the less.
This tablet is fantastic. It's small yet biiger than my iPhone. It works fast and I've had no problems with it so far. Plus for the price, you can't go wrong with it. It's more than half the price of a Samsung or iPad yet works just the same. Don't hesitate to buy this
I have bought tablets for others but this is the first time I bought for myself. This is a great price for a device that does everything.
This is a great product, the cost is incredible and proves other manufacturers prices are inflated.
Nice size to work with, not too big or too small to carry with you
Purchased for my son works great and great price..
Bought 2 for my Granddaughters, one is 5 and one is ten, they had the best time ever playing with them. You can control all access, so it works great for both and their parents feel secure.
Quick starting and easy to use. This tablet is great for travel and games at night. E-mail checks are a snap. Low cost makes it something you do not need to worry about. Even supports e print to my HP printer. Buy 2 and enjoy it. No downside found yet.
This is the best tablet I have bought. It is better than the $200 kindle fire I bought a few years ago. It has wonderful apps for children as well as the great amazon apps I like!
I really enjoy the kindle fire.It is easy to use and fast.
Bought 2 of these for family members and they absolutely loved them! Connected to Wifi with no problems and downloaded apps quickly.
The resolution is great and price is also well. Best tablet I. It's price range.
Purchased this for a Christmas gift for my nephew. He loved it. Very nice tablet at an affordable price.
Bought this tablet for one of my kids for Christmas. Super easy to use, and solid parental controls so I can make sure they don't access anything they shouldn't or make purchases.
Bought this as a Christmas present for my nephew. It works great and is lightweight & super portable.
It's slick and small and it works great! I love it
My wife had a Nook e-reader that was getting old and also used her iPhone 5 for reading. I thought it would be a very good reader for her and she loves it, along with the other capabilities the tablet offers. She has been very happy with it and you cannot beat the price for the features the tablet offers.
We bought three of these while on sale. They replace my ereader and my children's ipod touches and we use them every day. I cannot stress how good of a deal this is! While the display isn't the best - you're getting far mor than what you pay for.
These are perfect for my grandchildren, ages 11 (boy), 8 (girl), 7 (autistic girl) and 3 (boy). They have everything they need to entertain themselves all in one place, especially with my Amazon Prime membership.
Better then my old kindle. More features. I'm able to return my library books where on the old one they would have to expire.
Great little tablet perfect for reading books and listen music
Easily accesible wonderful for my kids stays charged long time
Replaced my Kindle with this; it was a great deal for the price
The screen is big and clear. Takes good pictures kids love it!
I love my Fire Tablet - it has beautiful screen and many extra features that my older Tablet did not have - while it is still a compact size, it is light and pleasant to use. I would recommend again and again.
Love my new Kindle FIRE, & LOVE the reasonable price at Best Buy!!!!!!!
Great screen, very fast, very portable, and light.
Purchased these for my grandsons, ages 5 and 7, they absolutely love them. Able to download apps with ease.
Great for the kids, picture quality is great and it is durable.
I purchased this tablet on a whim and it was the best decision I ever made. It is easy to use and so much fun!!
I purchased this Fire tablet for my wife because her other tablet had ceased to function. It is a good tablet for what she needs it for and she likes the ease of use. I would certainly recommend this tablet!
I got this for my daughter after the tablet that she had before broke (it wouldn't charge, it wasn't a kindle). She loves it. I love the fact that I could put a memory card into it to give her more memory.
I bought this for my wife. She loves it. It works very well, no problems. She plays a lot of games on it.
I was worried with the smaller screen but it really is great. I have had no issues.
Entertainment or the quiet times you love. Perfect
This was a gift to my grandma and it is simple enough for her to use it and understand it!
This is a well made tablet that has many great features.
It's ok I am just used to Google so much! But it still good
Best bang for you buck tablet. Running Android, but without the Google services. If you have Amazon Prime then this will be great for your traveling needs. You can expand the memory with a memory card and the Amazon App store has plenty of apps.
Tablet is great for 7 inches. Touch screen works great
Love it. Really light weight so easy to carry in my purse and read books on it during my daily commute on the train
Nice tablet. Love reading books on this, kid profile option is excellent
My kids have two kindle fires already and decided to add a third for the youngest. You can't beat the price of the tablet and with parental locks I am able to decide what they can access and what to block.
I have 3 iPad so wasn't sure how I would feel about buying this pad. But it works great and enjoyed using it. For the price you pay it's diffidently worth it.
Best tablet for the money, also great because of the color selection.
great tablet for the entire family and very easy to use.
Love the cost of the kindle! Great price for a tablet for children! Very user friendly!
My kids love their new Kindle Fires! No issues and we bought these in August. Highly recommend.
New for 2015 tablet is some what different to use than the 2 version. Bought these for gifts.
I love this little tablet, it fits right in my pocketbook without adding a lot of weight. It's easy to use and I can do almost anything on it. I highly recommend it.
It is a great tablet, I bought it for my 11 year old and he uses it responsibly. I also bought the glass screen protector and the sky blue cover for it in case he drops it. My son loves it and enjoys being able to not only play games on it, or take pictures, or even movies, but most importantly for the use of the advantages of it for its help when it comes to his education. I strongly recommend this product to everyone.
For the price this is a great little tablet. Its fairly fast and fits my needs.
Light weight user friendly tablet. Does everything that expensive tablets do and more.Best value for the money.
Perfect tablet, such a great price would totally recommend
I have owned a few kindle's in the past and this one works as good if not better than the others. I'm an avid reader and I get a lot of use out of my kindle and it's small enough to fit just about anywhere. I love that it comes in different colors too!
Good and easy. The kids love it and use it for learning and games.
Works great as a small tablet for my niece. she watches movies and read books. It's perfect!
I bought this to read books and to use the internet, I liked it so much I bought a second one for a family member.
The Amazon Fire tablet is lightweight and easy to use. Great for Kindle books. Small enough to carry anywhere. If I'm waiting somewhere, I'm able to read while waiting.
Perfect! Perfect screen size, fast, and picture is beautiful! I love it.
Exactly what I was looking for inexpensive and great for my little one. User friendly.
I baught thus tablet as an E-reader, for that purpose, it works great. It is also very good for watching streaming video.
It's a great product. I not only have books that I read on there but also can download games for my kids.
this tablet is the best buy i could buy . i paided $33.00 dollars for a brand new kindle fire !!!! Awesome!!!!
This is my 4th tablet (all different brands) and it's the best yet! Easy to set up, loads and run fast. No problem getting books and apps. All for only $50!!! Also bought one for my husband and he loves his, too.
This was a replacement Kindle for our grandson. loved it
This is a good tablet for someone who wants a starter. Nice screen, easy to use. Great graphics.
This is very easy for my 9-year old to use. It also works well for people of all ages in our family and it was a very good value.
Bought it for my 8 year old and she loves it. Very user friendly and has great parental controls/options.
The screen is clear and battry last for 8hr. The camera is easy to use and can been taken for good pictures.
excellent choice for a 3,8,10,and 11 year old child.i made a great choice when i decided to purchase 2 of the 7 inch tablets for christmas gifts.i am very pleased.
Great tablet and very cheap. Used to for gift for customers and ita amazing
My mom is not computer savvy, however she has really taken to the tablet. It is easy to us and just the right size for her to handle. So glad that Best Buy recommended this product for her.
I am currently using this item. It is very good product.
I replaced my old tablet with this one. I like this tablet because it has a back light and I can read in bed without disturbing anyone else.
I got a great price for the kindle, love the color options. Great for games, watching TV shows & movies on Netflix & Hulu, and reading books. Perfect for car rides & waiting rooms.
This is a small and compact device that is easy to use
I bought this for my kids as a gift. They love this device and use it daily. I couldn't be happier with the purchase
Is table is good no to fast but work good. Nice picture.
Love love love my kindle. It was so affordable & has such great visual quality! I bought this smaller device so I could take it with me and watch my shows. It's great & would buy again. Love this AMAZON Kindle
Awesome for 4 year olds. Tons of security features and very easy to use.
I love my Kindle & bought this for my mother for Christmas, she is very hard to get for but I know she will like it for the simple reason she can enlarge the letters just so she can see without having to put her glasses on. That in it self will mean everything to her. Now, she should be able to read her magazines or books or look something up online without any issues. Love Kindles!!
My daughter had her 8" Kindle Fire HD stolen earlier this year so when we saw this one on sell over the Thanksgiving holiday it was a no brainier to purchase it since it was $100 cheaper than the Fire we purchased a year ago, granted the Fire HD has a much crispier screen but for my 9 year old daughter, she is now happy just to have a tablet again. And it can do all the things she needs it to do: read books, play games, skype, etc.
Excellent for browsing and reading. Good price for great quality.
I bought these tablets for my grandchildren, ages 8 & 11, because they love playing games on mine when they come to visit me. Oh the smiles on their faces when they opened them up :)
The main reason I purchased this was because I like to annotate scriptures and insert personal notes or related notes to passages especially meaningful to me. It's much easier to insert comments now with the keyboard display than it was to insert comments on the old Kindle I have, so that was a huge bonus. The one draw back/gripe I have is the "back" triangle button. The scriptures I read have hyperlinks that take me to other scriptures, and before on the old Kindle, I could hit the back button and it would take me back to the previous page I was on. E.g., if I was on page 10, and selected a link to page 14, the back button would take me back to page 10. With this kindle, the back button takes you back to the library, and the previous page tap/swipe takes you back to the previous page, e.g., if I'm on page 10, and I take a link to page 14, it'll take me to page 13. The work-around that I discovered is using the bookmark function which is only slightly more time-intensive than the old Kindle back button. The only other concern I have is the battery life. If I'm going to enjoy some long reading without heavy annotation (e.g., reading fantasy), I'll probably use my old Kindle. If I want to do some serious annotation and cross referencing on different commentaries (e.g., scripture study), the new Kindle is the better bet. The commentaries I reference are PDFs - I could create a Kindle book out of them, but it messes up the tables in the PDFs, and I don't care for the PDF viewer that came with the Kindle because you cannot bookmark the PDF or annotate it. I purchased a very inexpensive PDF app called "exPDF Reader" which does everything I want with PDFs. All-in-all, the Kindle - Fire is a great tool and fits into my lunch box, so I take it everywhere. I read that others were concerned about it's weight, but I find it to be light. I'm used to reading door stopper books, and it is definitely more manageable than one of those. A pleasant surprise I had was the "blue shade" feature which enables me to read at night without worry of negatively impacting my sleep cycle/quality of sleep. You don't need a separate booklight for this like you do for the old Kindle, so that's a nice perk too.
Believe it or not, I purchased this for my 3 year old Grandson, and he is doing real fine with it.
This was a Christmas gift. Lots of games and books for children. Easy-to-use. 5 year old is in love with it. Nice size.
I bought this product for my 12 year old niece. She was extremely happy with it especially the camera feature. It is durable and easy to carry around. Great product!
I bought this for my dad. works great for a novice that just needs basics
This is my daughters second purchased kindle..great product for reading games and searching the web..durable and affordable.
I absolutely positively Love my Kindle Fire! It is the best of both worlds being a Kindle & a Inexspensive Tablet!
Bought one for my great nephew and one for my grandson both 7 years old and it's perfect. Price and what they can do.
Easy to use when traveling. Has all I need and is fast and covers my needs.
I purchased three tablets and the grand children have been using them every day and they are working great and just the one that they needed. They are easy for them to use and even this grandmother can work them and that is a plus for us.
picked this tablet up for my wife had a bad experience with other cheap tablets bought this one and have absolutely loved it best value out there
We love our Kindle Fires! One for me, spouse, & 87 year old mother. It keeps us connected just as any more expensive tablet can, and for 1/4 of the cost. Also has Amazon special apps.
I had the original kindle fire from many years ago that survived many a drop onto concrete floor without sustaining any damage, so I hope this one will last as long. Easy to start up and charges fast. Already had a couple of os updates that were very fast downloading and installing. No problems.
Easy to use. Has a nice clear picture.comes with some good apps.
I bought this to give as a door prize gift for a nonprofit. they loved it, I was impressed with the reviews and proud to donate it as a gift.
My kids love it . I love the size and weight . It not easy to broke or crack
I love my fire tablet, use it everyday from mail to games
I purchased this for my mother as a gift because she was always watching me play games , surf the internet, check my email and message friends. She asked if the one she had could do all that and I new it wouldn't. She LOVES her new Fire.
We are getting this as a christmas gift. I am so excited for out 7 year old to open it
This Tablet was purchased as a gift for a friends mother who's not that handy with computers so this was perfect for her she loves it.
Great price and tablet. Kid friendly, good parental controls, works very well!
This is just perfect for my tween boy. It is easy for him to use and play games on while we are driving in the car.
This was a gift for my son he loves it great price point for an entry level tablet
Price is great and my 6 year old LOVES it. Overall perfect.
Its an excellent tacky for the prices. It works well and the picture quality is excellent.
The Amazon Tablets are the best out there and at the best prices. Full tablet functionality and access to all the Amazon media. Can't lose with these tablets.
Small and compact but great for reading books and gaming. Will try Netflix down loads next.
Very Nice tablet. Works very well. No issues. Nice video, and excellentwireless wifi, just a very smooth unit.
I purchased the tablet for my mother in law to use to read ebooks and play online games. It was very user friendly and a great price and product for our needs.
I purchased this for my mom 4 days before Christmas with 2 day free shipping. It arrived on time with no issues. My mom loves it! She likes to read digital books and watch Netflix and this tablet allows her to do both. She also loves that it's small enough to fit in her purse and Bluetooth capable.
Simple but effitient. I bought it to use mainly as a good cost benefit music player device. The Fire has some limited apps for the purpose I get it but it works fine. As I had no tablets yet I discovered I can use it for other things. Yes, it works fine as a tablet and I am learning to love it.
Awesome tablet, easy to get through! My son love it
Bought for Christmas and my daughter loves it. $50.00 for a tablet is a great deal.
Can't complain about the value of this kindle for a great price. Gets the job done and is perfect for my 4 year olds studies and games.
I give 1 of these put every month at work. It normally goes to their kids so they are the awesome parents.
This is my husband's first Kindle, and he is so happy that he enjoys it. He plays on it almost every night.
I bought this for my niece and she seems to love it. Great for netflix and playing games. Of course you can also read books just like all kindles.
It works great for all like to surf on the internet.
I loved it. Not only was the price good, but 8gb of memory is phenomenal!
$50 for a tablet is amazing. It does what it needs to do with not alot if frills.
The Kindle fire tablet I purchased, is great for what I use it for, comparing prices&stores research, reading .perfect.best bang for your buck.
Finally a perfect tablet for my son. With the addition of the memory card my son is able to play the apps he wants and still have his school apps on it! I am still able to use the parental settings to keep him safe. We all really enjoy this new Kindle and the price!!
Love the Fire - play games on it every day. It is small enough to carry with you but powerful enough to watch movies.
I absolutely love this tablet. I check my e-mail. I watch movies. The only thing I DO NOT like about the tablet is that it sometimes have problems taking you to the correct site. But you must remember that it is a tablet, NOT an computer. I find all in all the picture is clear and the sound is wonderful also it has unlimited cloud storage which is good and when you download a picture it takes just a few minutes. Amazon Prime is a must however or you will be spending a lot of money to view movies and read books as almost everything available cost money. Prime is a money saver and it lasts a full year. It also comes with free shipping. I tried it and it is good. I receive my purchases in 2 days. Prime is the way to go if you purchase this tablet because it comes with a lot of perks.
These were purchased as Christmas presents for my grandchildren. However I did open the packages to be sure they were fully charged and updated. I was surprised at how fast the response time was and how easy they are to navigate. My grandchildren are going to love them!
Got this as a present for my son. He likes to read and watch shows in youtube. For his age, i think this is perfect. It does the same as ipad mini.
You get what you pay for with this product. There are better tablets, but this is a wonderful product for the low price.
Overall couldn't be more happier with the tablet works great for the price of it I would def recommend to my friends
This tablet is great for the price. We ended up purchasing 6 of them. It is great for the kids and is very functional. I think the price helped lower my stress level where the kids are concerned, but it is very sturdy. Would purchase again.
I purchased the Amazon Fire 7" Tablet for 49.99 and I have to admit for it being my first tablet, it works great and I have no complaints so far.
little gem does so much for such an amazing price.
Works great, easy to carry. Covers my needs when traveling.
I got it for my son he loves it very good for travel
This is a nice tablet. It has a really good clear screen.
As a tablet noob this was the perfect tablet to start with simple to use and even simpler to understand. I like every thing about it now I want a larger screen.
This tablet is great for a kid or it is amazing in quality for $49.99
I bought two of these for my daughters. Works great for the kids and if they drop them and break your not out a huge chunk of money like you would be for an IPad.
An excellent tablet for such an affordable price!!!!
I bought it for my nieces and nephews and they loved it.
et me start by saying, please do not buy this tablet expecting it to be comparable to an Ipad or Samsung tablet. I think the people who expect that are the ones who are disappointed by its features.I personally love this tablet. I wanted a tablet so that I could read, check emails, watch shows ( Hulu, Netflix, AMC), shop online and do some web surfing. I am a pretty simple gal. I did not expect much when purchasing this tablet. I assumed the picture quality would be fairly poor, that it would load pretty slowly, and that I would be unable to download most of the apps I wanted. It wouldn't have bothered me, being that I believe you get what you pay for ( and I could not afford an Ipad or Samsung at the moment). Boy was I proven wrong.I was pleasantly surprised at the picture quality from the moment I turned it on. I have had other tablets ( and paid about the same) with terrible picture quality. I actually love watching my shows on this tablet because it is as if I am watching them on my television.This tablet loads pretty darn quickly. I have never had an issue with it loading slowly or getting stuck.I have been able to download EVERY app that I wanted, except Instagram ( oh well, no biggie). And me being the Amazon freak that I am, I was happy to see Amazon apps pre-loaded onto the tablet ( shopping, music etc. ). Speaking of music, the sound quality is pretty great too!I am very very happy with this purchase, it really is a steal. I would buy another for sure.
This is my second Kindle tablet and I couldn't be any happier. I primarily use my tablet to read comics, they have the best comic reader on any device to read your CBZ files (ComicCat). Now that you can upgrade and add extra memory the 50 price tag can't be beat by rival companies. Great for the kids. If they break it it's not as bad as breaking say an IPAD at a minimum of 300.00 dollars.
Great value. My kids love it and use it often. Really helps them with homework.
This tablet is a great tablet for a great price. It meets your needs of a tablet -from Internet surfing to reading your favorite books.
Person really likes the gift. Says it is ideal for his needs and then plus. Easy travel size as well.
It works well my granddaughter loves it she plays on it everyday
I love this tablet. It does a lot more then my previous one which cost almost 4 times the price.
My 10 year old granddaughter loves to read. She can now download books from the local library as wall as other websites. This is a wonderful tool for a child that loves to read
And now I say cheap but not in the pejorative sense. Good price and with great functionality. Many uses. Reading. Surfing the web. Games. Love it all.
Excellent for what I or family want to use it for and the price IS nice!
I love it. Good Camera and perfect for surfing the web.
This tablet replaces a tablet I've had for several years and I am very pleased with its flexibility and size. I'll expand it with apps as yet unknown. I expect it to fit in with my home network.
We bought this for our 6 yr old kid. It is easy to use and the battery lasts for several hours.
awesome tablet the best i ever bought for $50 great screen great angles and fast even two months in and alot of apps bought it for my little sister and two months later still going strong
This is the best tablet that has ever come on the market for $49!
what an amazing find! I was looking for a gift for my relative, somthing thoughtful, yet not too expensive. And here it was: Perfect size, and light, access to the internet, working great for a friendly price. Just today I received another text from my relative how happy she was with it!
This is just what I needed - great price - great tablet. I am a Math Teacher and I use this tablet in my classroom to award Class Dojo points and check on progress in Moby Max Math. This was perfect for me.
I bought 3 of these. They are great and very durable . . The price is amazing .
Very satisfied so far. Easy to use and great price
Great product. This is my 2nd one. My first one was stolen. It is very user friendly.
This tablet was perfect for my 10 year old. She bought it with her own money because it was so affortable.
Bought for my kids and they love it! Amazon on top again
My daughter would not read before she got her kindle. She love this and now reads all the time. Books are cheaper and less space needed in your home. Great games.
Outstanding product at a great price. I previously hand a Kindle reader and the 7" Fire is a much improved product.
I purchased this as a gift for my great aunt. It's easy to use and light enough for her to carry around.
I just ordered mind 5 minutes ago is this the newest edition the 2015 kindle some of my friends got this and I heard it is such a great tablet
I enjoy it had one before It's wonderful I I read my book's on it and play games.
I got two Fires for the kids to tool around on while they're learning how to use a tablet and they are great. They're fast, HD, and have expandable storage.
This tablet is inexpensive and user friendly for my toddler. He loves it and uses great educational apps.
This tablet is fantastic for the price. It's as good or better than my first fire. The only differences are this one has only 8 gb's of storage but has front and rear cameras. It runs as fast as the other and the resolution is as good.
games are excellent and great books to read as well
Bday gift for my 10 year old. He loves it! And the price was perfect.
Great performance for the money, however if you are looking to read in bright sunlight it is not ideal.
Great item and great price. Use it mainly for books, but good enough for basic internet activity
This 7 inch tablet exceeded my expectations and then some. I was apprehensive about having advertising on the wake-up screen, but with a simple swipe of the thumb it goes away with no waiting. It streams Netflix and UV copies from Flixster with zero lag and no buffering. Expandable memory, (Micro SD). This is basically an android tablet, so if you have experience using that platform, you will have no trouble navigating the settings menu, etc. There is no Google Play store access, however, the Amazon App store is available and is pretty impressive. The resolution of the screen is sharp and clear. One of my complaints with my old tablet was the visibilty when viewing at an angle, but this tablet does not have the same issue. All in all, this $50 tablet is the best value I have seen, as it outperforms the dual core $250 tablet I just replaced. If you are looking for a 7 inch tablet, you can NOT go wrong with this one.
I purchased this for my dad as his first tablet and he loves it. Technically, it's not a powerhouse but for the price it's the nicest little tablet you can get your hands on. It's perfect for a child, to use in the kitchen while cooking or kill time in the bathroom. Looks-wise it's pleasing and feels good in the hand.
love this. I didn't want anything super big or bulky. something simple for a few fun app games
Love it! It's great for what I wanted to do with it.
Bought this tablet for my mom as a birthday day gift. She loves it. This is her first tablet and shes learning how to use it. I was very impressed with how quick and responsive it was. Also it has an excellent display and runs just like 200+ tablets, Will play all your favorite apps.
This is a great product at a great price! They will make great first time tablets for kids.
I love this tablet. It works very well. I bought it because I love to read ebooks and read the Bible app. Having a 7" screen makes this easy.As far as apps go, it has Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and tumblr available. It does not have Instagram available in the app store. I knew that going into it, because I've owned kindle fire tablets in the past.This Fire is so lightweight, and I love that. One tablet I owned previously was almost too heavy for my purse.This tablet has a browser, called the Silk browser, and it works well, although I don't use it for that.When it comes to games, the appstore has most of all the popular ones like candy crush. Pandora is also available.This Fire is an excellent value for the money, and I truly mean that. Perfect for kids too
This is my first Tablet and I love it!!Easy to understand and there are so many apps I read a sample book and I like the huge selection of books,newspapers and magazines The lighting is perfect easy on the eyes
Highly recommend purchasing as a starter tablet and/or for a younger child. Internet access through Silk Browser and most common apps available through App Store.
Great tablet for the price especially if you are a Amazon Prime member, very pleased, makes a great gift.
The price on this tablet is unbeatable. The performance is above what we expected. If you are looking for something to use at home then this is it.
Bought for my granddaughter.. She love it..got a great warrant also
This is my 3rd kindle and my 2nd kindle fire. I bought this fire because of the upgrade ability and my 1st fire didn't have that, Before I bought my 1st kindle, I compared all my choices and found this one to be the best for the money and I love my kindle so much I bought on for my daughter , It has a lot more then the original fire did, more Apps can be used, it connects to Goodreads, if you do that, which I do, and it has a camera. It's more like a tablet than just only a e-reader. A little different set up than the original fire but not that hard to get used to, buttons are bigger for the power and the volume, which is a plus.
This just a great tablet. A co_worker was saying that it is no as sophisticated as her $600 tablet and it isn't. But I can put one of these in every room in my house and still have money left over. This is one of the best $50 I ever spent.
Purchased this tablet for my nephew and it's amazing.
The kids love it, so I'm very happy. that's all that matters to me
I've researched this tablet and the "techies" say it's a great tablet for the money. I bought it as a gift for my mother and I think it will be perfect for her. I'm going back to buy a few more for my kids.
This wasn't for me, but for a family member (I have a Kindle Fire HDX for self). They very much appreciate having this as a replacement for another tablet, seems to work better (less/no crashes, better battery) compared to the older one (not an amazon tablet). Side-loaded texture/next-issue as a way to get unlimited magazines (can access subscription on several devices) on this, and it works fine (usually, but once had to clear app data).This tablet is not as high-res as the HDX (so tiny text isn't as clear as it could be without zooming) but it's more than sharp enough for daily use, especially at this price range
I am very impressed with the tablet. For the price it is great. Apps load up quick and look great on the tablet. The OS is easy to navigate.
I got this tablet to replace my kindle e-reader. I was not disappointed, it's a great tablet to read books and comic books on. Browsing the internet is ok on it, if that is what you want to do also. Basic games work great, but if you want to play extensive 3D games, you might want to get a different tablet, you can't expect a $50 tablet to run any of those. Overall, it's a great tablet for what I wanted it for.
Bought this at Best Buy since I had a $10 reward coupon so only sent $40 for this tablet. Short story this tablet can do everything your smart phone can do and I kinda like Amazon's new OS running on this tablet better than Android, nice clean interface and very user friendly also like the way categories are on top and you can swipe right to view them. As far as speed is concern this tablet is good, you can jump from apps with ease (although installing new apps are a bit slower than on Android) the apps have installed are Facebook,Linkedin, Overdrive, CNN, Pandora, Pinterest, Skpe all run fine. You can even run games on this $50 device, games like Sky Force, Real Racing 3 (these game have high graphics) run surprisingly smooth. Videos on Netflix, HBO Now, Pluto Tv and Youtube look great even though they are not HD. Sound is just ok (my smartphone sounds better) and the display is good compared to other cheap tablets on the market that are not IPS. Battery life is good too, can go a couple of days without charging with just reading books, checking Facebook, surf the web and gaming. Already accidentally dropped my tablet on the floor with no damage at all.I not a Prime Member but purchase a lot from Amazon so this device is convenient when ordering books and other items. This tablet has been rock solid for the week I have it and it's still shocking to me regarding the price with no compromise in quality. Was going to buy the Amazon Fire HD but since my last $270 Amazon tablet was lost this makes more sense since it's at a price point where you can easily replace it. Amazon has really changed the game with this tablet, other's reviews that state that this is only for kids or beginner tablet owner's I disagree with. Now for the people who must have the best tablet on the market (looking at you Apple Ipad and Samsung) then this is not for you, but for others who need a device to do everyday task (just like your smartphone) then this is the one don't let the cheap price fool you.
Nice, fast, easy i bought for my mom and she is very happy.!!!
the perfect gift, excellent price good device !!!!
A nice high quality tablet with a fast processor. Superb image quality, long battery life, and a great value. Equal quality and performance of an IPad at a fraction of the cost.
Apples & oranges. They're both fruit, both tasty, but they are different at the same time.When thinking about the new $50 7" Fire tablet, keep in mind that this is not a high-end Samsung or iPad Mini. It does a lot of the same things, but it's different. It costs a fraction of the cost. With that perspective in mind, this is a fantastic value. In fact, short of finding a nice, 2nd-tier Asus , LG, or Lenovo tablet being pushed on discount sites, probably as refurbs, you're not going to find anything that comes close in value to this new Fire tablet.Prior to getting it, I had my concerns, particularly with the screen given the lower resolution. I have a dozen tablets, and have tried about a dozen others, and screen quality is not something you want to scrimp too much on. Amazon got this right. It is not as crisp as my older Kindle Fire HD 7" or my Galaxy Note 8.0 or my iPad Mini, but for casual reading, gaming, video viewing, email, etc., the screen is just fine. Worlds beyond most low-end/budget tablets I've tried (especially anything costing under $100 new). My daughter, who has been using a Kindle Fire HD 7", has not cared one bit about the slightly lower screen resolution.The new Fire OS operating system looks & feels much more like Android or iOS, which is nice overall. It still is not perfect, but overall I think it makes for a much better user experience than the version on older Kindle Fire tablets.The 8GB of internal storage is, of course, paltry, but with the very welcome addition of a microSD slot, carrying loads of media with you for offline consumption is not an issue. What remains to be seen is how performance is impacted if/when the little bit of available internal storage gets filled with apps and other content. So far, this has not been a problem.The inclusion of both front- and rear-facing cameras is a nice bonus. No, you're not going to capture great shots. But both cameras are usable and add value.The speakers are OK. Volume and quality is not great, but is acceptable for general use - and, of course, you can also use headphones or an external speaker to kick things up a notch (or several notches).If you have $150 or more to spend on a tablet, and plan on using it quite a bit, then you can definitely find something a bit nicer. If you're getting this for just occasional use, or for a kid, and are not accustomed to using a high-end tablet, then this is a fantastic buy. I've tested over 20 tablets and for a sub-$100 tablet, this is absolutely a great value. At its current price of $50, it's a no-brainer. Kudos to Amazon for raising the bar on budget tablets AND making quality tablets available to the masses.
It is one of the best 7" tablet in the market, for the price
I have several Amazon Kindles already. This was a nice, reasonable cost tablet for my little one. I have been quite happy with the Kindle devices.
Wife bought this as gift, she was going to buy the newest one but they recommended this one instead, good call!!
We got 2 kindle fires for our girls and we love them :) great purchase.
For $50 I couldn't ask for more! Aside from access to a ridiculous amount of books, I can listen to music, download apps, play games, watch videos, take photos/ record videos (front & rear facing camera), check emails, and surf the web. Although you have to pay for most book/video purchases Amazon also offers Amazon Prime for a month free ($9.99 after) which makes some purchases less expensive. You can also tack on Kindle Unlimited (free 1st month, also $9.99 a month after) to download up to 10 Kindle Unlimited books at a time. As for the possible cons, the lock screen is set as a rotation of sponsored ads (which is why this tablet is so cheap!). If this bothers you, you can remove the ads for $15 on Amazon. The screen/camera resolution and speaker output isn't anything to write home about but it is absolutely great for the price! The glare while using the tablet can also be bothersome, but I purchased an anti-glare screen protector to resolve that issue. With the holidays approaching this is the perfect gift for those on a budget! This would have been the perfect gift for me, had I not already purchased it for myself!
I absolutely love my kindle fire. I received cash back for purchasing a new MacBook Pro Retina laptop and purchased the Kindle and cover jacket.
this is my fifth kindle i have bought. I love them.
This is perfect for my needs. It is a great price for a tablet. No bells or whistles, just a tablet.
I wanted a tablet for my son to play games and read books. I didn't want to spend hundreds because he is only 8. This is perfect, I can put controls on what he views and password protect my control profile.
I was looking for an inexpensive tablet for my 8 year old, that he could use for educational games and just for the usual game play and this tablet has been perfect. Battery life is good, speed is outstanding and you can't beat the price!
Like it its very easy to understand,clear to read,easy to access to the websites.
son loves this he can do alot of things on it great quality for the price
I can read, even in the dark. I can surf the internet, Facebook, pay bills, play games. It was inexpensive and I love it!
We bought this for our 7 year old daughter and it is perfect!!
It was a gift for my little sister, she seems to love it and it does everything that she needs it to do. No problems so far
This tablet is amazingly awesome. It looks like its price, cheap, $39 at #BestBuy but it does all that I need it to do which is streaming music and movies. You can setup multiple users including a child profile with parental control.
If you have prime it's great for the money. Slow performance tho
Did multiple reviews before purchasing this tablet for my daughter. Very nice, works well and durable.
The fire tablet is awesome. I thoroughly enjoy the tablet. Everyone should have this item.
Its a great tablet, mostly use for web browsing and book reading. Great value!
The new Kindle may not have all the bells and whistles of previous models, but it is a great value for the price. Durable and light, and with the addition of expandable memory, this new model works great and is very recommended.
Great purchase.. Bought for my two children. They love it
This device is truly a great purchases for me, as I want something very small for a recent travel trip I went on. It made everything simple.
Purchased this tablet for my 6 year old. Indeed it's user friendly with parental control.
I am extremely thrilled with my Amazon Fire Tablet. It is definitely worth its price!
My kids love there new tablets they were affordable and easy to use my kids love them
We bought this to download movies and books onto for a long plane ride. It worked great! Very happy with the purchase.
Kids love being able to use this item as well! Very good for their little hands to use.
I love the kindle fire. This is my second-- I wore the first one out! I got it to read books and love that I can pack all my favorite books to go all in one small tablet! No more box of books to go camping! Also the larger print is easier on my eyes and if I fall asleep ot shuts itself off.
I purchased this product for my 8 yo for his birthday and it has been perfect!
Love the ease to download apps and music. The size is perfect and it lights up pretty well
My son and granddaughter love them. Clear screen and game play is great.
I bought one and recommended this product also to my family and friends!
Very happy with this purchase. For the price you can not go wrong. I mainly use for reading so I am sure for a techy geek this would not work.
Love the reading on my kindle. The camera is great.
This is a great tablet for my kid he can watch and play all the games for his age
I bought this fire tablet for a friend who has been laid up and unable to walk since November. She loves it! It is very entertaining. She even watches movies on it! I am going to get one for myself!
amazing tab for a gift. right priced and the performance is great. it is really helpful for browsing and basic activities
All the icons on the tablet works just fine. I got help
I would recommend this to anyone it is a great deal and it has a great screen
The size is perfect, good resolution. Can be used for all purposes.
Budget tablet, nice and crisp picture. HD quality product.
This is the little tablet that could!!!The price is a steal and the speed and function deliver. Not a great camera but functional. Not great for skyping but that aside a real bargain!
I love it I bought once for my son and a year later in still good conditions someone stole it sad day but he's birthday was coming so I went ahead and got him a new one he's in love with it.
This Amazon Kindle is awesome! Has all it's features including a built-in camera!! Purchase this for my son for his 16th birthday! He absolutely loves it!
It has a good sized screen. Very good wifi receiver. Overall good product.
This is a nice little tablet for many purposes. You can browse the net, play games with friends, map out your trips, or find a nice cozy little corner and read a book.
I love my Kendle Fire. Fits in my purse perfectly. Always have books on hand.
This is an awesome little tablet justright for reading and looking up images and things on the net.
This is a great tablet for a very reasonable cost. The only place the ads show is on the home screen, once you open to the operating system the ads are gone. If you just want to surf the web, or do some reading this is the device for you.
Purchased for my son. He really likes it. It does everything I want it to do without offering too much access. The option to lock it down for a certain amount of time each day is something my wife and I love, so he doesn't overuse technology in lieu of other activities.
The price is AMAZING for the product! Works as well as any tablet, and is the perfect size for your hand bag. Plus, if you are Amazon Prime member - you can download movies to watch. Awesome!
Purchased this for my mother for Mother's day. It was very easy to set up and very easy for her to use. Great buy and value.
Love this kindle!!! It is amazing for the price, well worth it!!!!!
Great tablet plan on purchasing another . Not slow happy with the speed
We love this thing! And for only $50! It works perfect for quick netflix
I was hesitant to get a tablet because I was unsure as to how it works and adding a new technology can sometimes be challenging. The Best Buy rep directed me to the Amazon Fire for it's ease of use and he was spot on. Also, the email "introducing" me to my tablet was invaluable and helped me immensely. A nice addition to the helpfulness of staff at your store.
I am enjoying my Kindle Fire. This is my third Kindle, but my first Kindle Fire. I really like the portability and the fact that in addition to books, the internet , checking my emails, I can also use it as a camera.
Really good buy, has dual camera, games really good
A wonderful tablet for kids, and an excellent price point for grandma! He's very happy.
Cheap tablet that runs great and plays hearthstone silky smooth
I love tge size of the tablet. I can store it in my bookbag and go about my way.
I got 2 for my kids for Xmas and there working real good they love them and I love the price better then eBay ones that would only work for some time then will stop charging
I got this for my mother for mother's day, and so far, she absolutely loves it. It's fast, great resolution, and I've yet to hear of any battery issues from her. I picked this one for the reasons I just listed in addition to the access to Amazon Underground (FREE APPS that normally cost with Googly Play & Apple Stores, respectively).For those reasons, in addition to the price, you can't go wrong.
A nice size tablet for a technically challenged adult. Great for snapping pics, reading books and an occasional online search.
It's fast and pictures are very clear,love it glad I bought it.
I really enjoy reading books on this. Glare in the sun but great indoors.
Got this for $39.99 and it is so worth the price. The girls can read on their own devices and I can limit the time on each device as well as the content.
I love this tablet! Its easy to use and provides hours of e entertainment.
I love this KIndle. You really can't beat it for the price. It does a lot.
I have been wanting a tablet for awhile and I finally decided to get the Amazon Fire tablet, I love it I can look at Pinterest and check email I love it!!
I have several of these tablets and they are still my favorite compared to my expensive IPad. Best buy ships pretty fast and I am pleased with their online store.
Im very happy with this purchase, i got it on sale for $30 and grabbed 3 lol.Kids luv it
I have apple tablets and bought the kindle for a book reader. It is truly the best tablet for the price! It works well and the option for added memory is a huge plus! :)
So far it's great. This was a gift. She is gets this on today.
Bought this for my mother in law for her birthday. Loaded it with books and music and made her the happiest lady in town. Works great as a reader and also for music when paired with a good set of blue tooth headphones.
I love it. It charges quickly, great display. This is my 3rd kindle, and it holds its own in comparison to my other two. Now I have one downstairs, one at bedside, and one to travel. The grandkids love them too. Now no more arguing when they visit over who gets to play.
It works for just what I need it to. Reading. I also love how the camera works & the games.
Kids love it! We are Prime members, good kid friendly case... purchased a 128gb memory card to hold all kinds of games and movies
I am extremely happy with my Kindle Fire. The price was fantastic. Functionality is great. I am very pleased with this tablet
It has a great screen, you can add more memory with a micro SD card. This little fire is as powerful as pricy tablets.
Bought as gift for 8yr old. It's not too complicated and perfect size for use of kids!! Excellent choice
Can use it for facebook, or email and of course to read my books in a series. Love it.
I had the Fire model befor this one & it was ok, but way too locked down. This one is basically an Android tablet, with some key features added for Amazon. Little too baby for reading though, prefer my Paper White for that. But, great tablet for surfing, games, and movies/YouTube. The ONLY downside, won't connect over 5ghz (Wireless-N), stuck on the 2.5ghz connections.
It's Just what I needed to be able to keep books browse the web etc
We had purchased this for our daughter. The parental control/profile features are great for her. Totally recommend!
Love the fire. I run it nonstop 24 hours a day for my business and it runs flawlessly.
Good buy nice screen great battery life quick good video quality
Got this for my granddaughters birthday and she loved it so my other granddaughter wanted one so I brought another one and they both loved them
Excellent product I use it for my kids all the time is great
When I first heard that Amazon had released a budget tablet, I was skeptical on the price that quality would be sacraficed. Boy did I have the wrong assumption, this product has exceeded my expectations and then some. The screen is responsive, the animation on screen is silky smooth when you zoom in on a picture or scroll up and down, it's just all out impressive. Front facing camera too is kind of cool although the quality is not as good as the camera that is in the back. Games play fine on this but you'll be wanting a memory card to store games on it. Games play fine depending on what you install on it but some games suffer minor framerate issues if too much is happening on the screen. Okay for the price, and this should be looked at before purchasing some of the other budget tablets.
This is my 3rd Kindle. I absolutely love it. The best feature I have found on it is the "BlueShade" option, which changes the light levels for when reading at night. Also you cannot beat the price. May be purchasing another one for my son in the near future!
bought as a gift and they loved it. it works fast and good
the kids use it every chance they get, this is the fourth one we have bought.
I would love to get one for my Dad for Father's Day!
Bought this as a giftt for my wife. She uses it mainly as a method of reading books and loves it. The memory is more than sufficient for normal usage and is expandable if needed. The fact that it is not HD does not matter to her but if you use it to watch a lot of movies, you might want to spend the extra $100 bucks and get the HD. JShe does watch Netflix on it but usually watches movies on our big screen television. Great buy for the money. She loves hers
This is a great product. I purchased for travel so i wouldn't have to carry my laptop. performs well very quick.
Great price. Easy surfing the web, great game playing, and way to enjoy reading new books. 8 GB is large enough. I like I can purchase gifts cards to make purchases.
Picture is great & for the price it's more than I expected my son loves it.
It was a toss up between this, the Fire, or the Paperwhite. I wanted something small, mainly for using w/Kindle; a color screen, expandable storage & wiFi capabilities. Helllo! It was very inexpensive & the perfect size! Great battery life!
Got this for my nieces, they use it daily! Works great with decent specs all around.
Right price my son loves it great for games and you tube
Works great. No issues with it since I bought it a month ago. A good beginners tool for someone buying their first tablet. A great value at a reasonable price.
I loved the price for this tablet good value for what my son uses it for!!
My grandson is totally in love with his New Fire Tablet. He had an older version and was grateful for the upgrade.
I was somewhat skeptical about getting this tablet, and especially for that low of a price. But no later than 1 week I went back and purchased another one for my wife. This Amazon Kindle Fire is awesome.
Very good tablet at a great price. Nice size for all applications.
Nice tablet will seriously think about getting a second one.
The Amazon fire is a perfect size for viewing videos, reading books and playing games. Small enough to fit in a bag or purse.
I need tablets that were cheap but had the processing speed that I needed to run certain apps. My children actually use them (I bought two because they were so cheap) and I have yet to have any problems. I love the individual profiles... Initally I didn't have any parental setting on there but my son quickly started purchasing books and such that he liked with my money.... Hence the individual profiles and limited access and a password on my profile. I'd recommend this product because of the price and functionality of the product. I love it and my kids do too.
I'm very happy i chose the amazon fire tablet. It's easy to use and i easily got the apps i needed.
It was a great purchase and I love the way it works
easy to use and just the right size, love the ease of operating the device, small enough to carry around. still access all my favorites
We bought 3 of these on Black Friday! They work great and the whole family is happy!
It's a great product I enjoy the amazon fire stick
The Amazon Fire 7" tablet is solidly built, dependable, and performs well in all areas. A great purchase.
So easy to use. Compact & easy to carry in my bag. Love it!
This tablet is great for using ebooks as a college student
Oh how I love this product. I spend hours playing solitaire, reading novels, listening to music all provided by my new Kindle Fire! I traded in my old Kindle which I also loved but this new one is a little larger and has more features many of which I haven't used yet. I couldn't be more pleased!
I bought kindles for my twins last November and I loved this product so much that I purchased them for my triplets for their birthday.
Absolutely love it! Love the app store and the camera.
I enjoy it it connect fast it's small but I needed something I can put on my purse
I needed a 2nd tablet and this was a great purchase.
Great tablet for kids. They just love how simple it to use and great price.
I have bought 8 of these. They are perfect for kids
I bought this for my 2.5 year old autistic son. We have downloaded all kinds of sensory apps and learning apps. It's such a wonderful tablet to take on the go as well as for home use!
This is my second Kindle Fire, and this is a great improvement from my 1st generation version. With micro sd capabilities, I can download and store so much more. Paired with Amazon Prime and I'm never bored!
Bought two for my kids they love them. Great for the price.
I have a Fire HDX from several years ago and this one is so much better. The speed is great and the resolution is fantastic. I wish it had a bigger screen but for the price, what more could one want. I like the power and volume switches placemnt so much better than the HDX.
If you are looking for a reader that is just a bit more than a reader this is the right product. I bought this for my wife so she would stop trying to read on her small phone, and she absolutely loves it. Battery life is good, build quality is great, for the price there is really no comparison.
My daughter bought a Kindle Fire when it cost $200 and thought it was a good deal for something that did so much. Mine was only $50 at my local Best Buy, and it's truly a marvel -- I can watch TV and movies from my library, read books and emails, and order products. I can't imagine any more for any less. Clear, bright colors, crisp lettering, although small (I bought the 7-inch screen).
I love my Amazon Fire Tablet so much that I purchased one for all my kids and my 78 year old mother as well. She has never used a tablet and it was easy enough for her to figure out and she uses it everyday!
This was a great price for a entry level tablet, It can do all the things I need it to well like Netflix and checking the weather.
I love the 7 inch Kindle fire. Great graphics and easy to handle and read from!
Had a Google Nexus which I really liked but started having issues with the power connection. After replacing the USB connector I still had issues with it so I decided to replace it. Did my research and purchased a Kindle Fire and loved it so much I bought two more to give to my parents.
Purchased as a gift for a family member who just wanted to be able to watch videos and play games while his wife shopped. Wonderful beginner tablet and no issues so far. Very user friendly.
I got this for my wife. With a little help from our daughter we got it set up. So far so good.
Incredible value for the price! And it's the perfect size. Try one out at Best Buy and you'll see what I mean!
I bought this as a gift for my moms birthday and she loves it. The screen size is just right and it really fast for the games she plays.
great tablet for the price easy to use and came very quick
I bought this reader for a trip I was planning. I must say, it is awesome! The size is just perfect to throw in a backpack and the resolution is very good for this pricepoint. You can't go wrong purchasing this!
I purchased this for my Mother-in-Law. She wanted the Bible put on it. I loved it for myself! I almost kept it. it was great, but I already have an iPad.
This was my second purchase of this style and brand of tablet.My first one unfortunately met with a accident,and needed replaced.This tablet has front and rear facing cameras,addable storage,and extreme ease of accessability.Love it.
This is the second one I have bought now. Quick delivery and service is great as always
This is a great little Tablet for the price. Easy to use.
It 's the perfect gift for a senior who has never owned a computer but understands the cellphone.
We purchased this as a replacement for a tablet our son previously had. No bugs, no lagging, graphics are great, sound is great, lighting fast. Works perfect as we have an Amazon Prime account.
The Amazon Fire - 7 tablet is a terrific tiny tablet for the awesome price of $50. I can easily access the Internet wherever there is free WiFi. I can carry oodles of books with me wherever I go. It's fast, sleek, lightweight, already loaded with apps I want to use, and a steal at the price! I don't have a smart phone by choice and find that the Fire-7 meets my needs sufficiently.
I love this kindleGreat for adults and kids.Fast processor for price.
The Kindle Fire is a great tablet for the price. Nice screen, fairly easy to use, lots of games and apps. This was a gift for my mom who isn't the most tech-saavy and she likes it a lot.
Great price. Easy access to apps. Simply love it!!
Great purchase was gift for friends and they love it!
I really like my kindle. I do wish it had so that you could move books that you had read to another area or just mark them as read. I read a lot and sometimes forget if I read the book. It holds so many books and I can take them all anywhere.
Got these for the neices and nephews they love them.
Love the Kindle. Very useful when traveling outside house to friends.
I purchased this tablet for my 4 yr old daughter and it's been outstanding!!! With separate parent controls makes it a breeze to keep kids away from unwanted sites!
This was a great gift for my niece. She's 7, and she loves it. A lot of games, videos, movies, books... The tablet fits everywhere, and the price is great!
I like my kindle and got it at great price.I would recommend it to someone and it's kid friendly as well so it's great to read books.
Bought this as a gift for a family member to replace an older tablet, works great.
Images quality better than l had imagine. Good for games and easy to download games on Amazon . My son love it.
It's a wonderful little tablet. Was going to shop around. Saw it first, thought I'd try it. Haven't used the cameras yet. I love the size. It's just what I need. I browse the internet. Shop &play games. Also watch TV programs &much more.
My kids love their new tablet Easy to use for them and myself
Really fast small and easy to store away and I always use it at work.
It's a kindle...great kindle for a great price. Expandable memory can be used to expand your movie or game library. It also has great sound and picture quality.
Used to replace my wife's kindle classic that she loved to read books with.Had several Android tablets she tried to use, but they were too slow or responded incorrectly. This one is fast, responds properly and has far more capability than she is using. Only disadvantage compared to the classic is battery life, but it is certainly good enough.
Excellent tablet for the price! I use it as a reader and to surf the web.
This product is great. The customer service is great
It was affordable and it works great I hope it stays that way
It was very easy to use. My grandma was able to figure it out with no problem
This little Kindle was worth the money for sure. I would tell all my friends to buy this because of the great price that it is.
This kindle tablet has been amazing. I am so glad with this purchase.
Bought this for my 10 year old daughter to use with our homeschool. It's just the right size for her to carry around. Big enough to see videos well but not so big that it's difficult to deal with. We love it.
the tablet works just like my laptop quick& fast .
Great product and great price! Worth more then what you pay!
Price is right, my kids love this tablet, like more
I bought this for a security camera display.I downloaded the app, connected the 2 devices and it is working out great.
I bought this item to catch up on my book series which was easy to find with the built in amazon book store app. It also has great apps for games and anything you are looking for. I definitely recommend this. its a great deal at a great price.
This is a great tablet for gaming, movies and of course reading. The child's version is awesome also.
My kids loved this tablet and use it almost every day, battery life is pretty good for how much they use it
this is a perfect tablet for our 10 year old so he can play games
We got this tablet for my aunt so she could read, check emails, and play games. It is very easy to setup and use for anyone!
Nice tablet for the price. Screen is very clear. Tablet makes Amazon Prime more enjoyable.
Nice, lightweight tablet for reading and occasional web surfing. Mostly used for reading.
I have enjoyed these little tablets and now they come with the micro sad card port making it better
I went from a Paper white to the Kindle Fire and it's been great! It's easy to use and to read my books. Lots of stuff you can do with this from watching movies to taking care of my email and Facebook etc. All round easy to handle and is a nice computer tablet in the palm of my hands. I like the way the controls are at the top so I don't accidentally turn the power off in the middle of something when I was using other devices that had the on off button at the bottom. I just wish the power reserve would last as long as my Kindle Paper White. The battery runs down fester than I'd like.
It's small, light and easily portable. Powerful enough for all your basic tablet needs like streaming, reading, light gaming and Internet browsing. Perfect for a child's first tablet or on-the-go use.
Very good tablet. Only issue was starting it up. Great processor, lots of storage and great camera. Highly recommended for the price. Practical Steal.
Its ok but the chargers brake easily but overall its the best
Got two, one for each of my grand daughters. They love the portability and it allows them to both be up at the same time.
I have bought 3 of these units in the past 60 days and I find them wonderful entry level tablets for anyone looking too get the Best Buy for their money!
Simple to use and great for a child's first electronic
This is the essential tablet for reading an extensive library of books on the Amazon store.
For the price you pay and to do basic functions this table is well worth the money.
Purchased this for daughter as a first tablet. She loves it and it is easy to use. Plus it won't break the bank for a great quality tablet.
I purchased the Kindle fire about three weeks ago and rarely pick up my iPad anymore. It is a great reading device with the flexibility of allowing you to access many other basic applications. I carry it with me practically all the time.
My daughter loves this tablet. Easy to use and great battery life.
Powerful tablet, perfect for the kids. Has everything they need all for under $50! Great buy
Except for having to put up with ads on the screen saver, this pad is great. Easy to use, easy to add apps to as well as easy to use as a e-reader.
I liked the tablet I bought its amazing works just fine thank u best buy
THE BEST TABLET THAT I BOUGHT and the best gifffft
First of all I pleased on how easy it was to buy the product on line and it was here exactly the date that they said it would be. I enjoy the kindle it's easy to use.
My tablet is the best thing I have gotten from you
This is a great tablet for an affordable price. Has most of the functionality you would get with a high-end tablet with expandable memory. Access your books, browse web, email, etc. Nice screen resolution, no issues with it thus far
Great product for the price easy to use can download games for the kids to use as well
This product is great, and I really like it. Especially for kids.
This tablet is simply the best tablet you can buy in this price range. Easy to use, decent battery yield, good for occasional use. I use it mainly to read news, read emails, browse internet, see movies on the go, etc. Overall, its a wonderful / good quality product at an unbeatable price, you can't go wrong buying it.
Purchased this to replace my original Kindle Fire (which still works but no longer updates and can't use newer apps). It's a great bargain. Perfect size for reading and browsing the web.
Excellent cameraKids friendly, battery last longer,easy to carry
Bought for son- great tablet for a great price!! Would buy again :)
This is an accessible tablet and easy to use, great for kinds and granma
Easy to setup and navigate, great product for the price!!!
Great quality for the price. Great for kids as it's not a huge loss if it breaks, though I still recommend getting a protective cover for it.
I really enjoyed this purchase,will by this product again
Excellent, well worth the money. Great screen, easy to use.
I am a major reader and love that I can now carry hundreds of books with me so I can read whenever I want.
This is a great tablet. I bought it for my daughter and it's very easy for her to use.
I was traveling and wanted a tablet to fit in my purse. This is perfect for me. I can look at my emails, facebook, do my banking and read the local papers, also kept up on all events in the area I traveled. I love it and so happy I purchased it!!
I bought a bunch of these for Black Friday. Well worth the money. Each person I gave them to for Christmas was so happy.
Set it up for my husband and he loves it. Was a great value for product.
Thr fire is a great gadget for almost any occasion or circumstance, gathering info. or just relaxing.
Love my new Amazon Fire Tablet! Love to read and this was perfect for me!
Love the size, and sharp clear pictures and sounds
My kids break stuff, not on purpose, but they break electronics. Rather than spend hundreds on other tablets(that might get broken), this kindle at this price was a no brainer. No bugs, simple menus, easy to use for kids 6+.
Other members in my family had a Kindle Fire, and I saw how great it worked so I got one. I love it.
Been reading reviews for months. I decided to take a chance when I saw this on sale for $10 off and I am glad I did. I love to read and reading is easy and relaxing, I dont have to worry about losing my place and Amazon always offers up the next book in the series so I can continue reading with very little interruption. I know that some have complained about missing pixels on the screen, mine was just fine, maybe they have conquered the pixel problem. Highly recommended.
I love my kindle I take it everywhere with me. It's lightweight fits in my purse just great deal!
I got this because I love to read. Lots of books on it. I really love the battery life on it. I can go a week with one charge on it. No complaints except now I got to find time to read all the books on it
It is a great tablet. Both of my kids have one. Would buy another one.
I bought this tablet for my 8 year old son and he loves it. You can't beat $50 for this tablet. Not the most powerful or the best screen but compared to anything in this price range it's great.
Traveled for work to an island for 6 weeks. Was great for plane rides there and back, as well as on the island with me always being on the move
This thing does everything and only 49 bucks I use it everyday
I love my Kindle Fire 7. It's the perfect size cause it fits in my purse for easy travel. I take it with me just about everywhere I go. It's easy to read and use.
The price is right for a kid's tablet. If they break it, I won't be very mad. It's easy to set parental controls too.
Had a first generation Nook, this was way more than I was expecting. Plus the Prime membership is worth it just for shipping !
We bought this tablet for a 8 year old boy. Works really well. We have had no problems with anything. It is used primarily for games.
I bought this for my 8yo daughter to replace a Trio tablet that didn't even last 2 months. It has been fine for my daughter for playing games, checking email etc. No complaints here.
Easy to set up parental controls and email notification are a great tool on the tablet
Good tablet. Easy to use. Good for anyone who likes to read.
My daughter loves this. Having access to her favorite apps and games is great without all the adult content.
My daughter loves her kindle. She enjoys being able to watch youtube and Netflix. It's a perfect size for her.
I was worried about what I'd be compromising with a 49 dollar tablet, but this kindle is extraordinary for the specs. Yes it has a mono speaker and it's not HD but it's a fast performing tablet and you can't really tell. I don't regret this purchase at all!
Got this for my wife and I think she was able to use it maybe a week before our kid stole it. He loves the thing.
Perfect Tablet for our Son we bought it for his 9th Birthday it works great and he couldn't be happier great Tablet.
Great for my daughter and my mom they love it!!!!!
I had been holding out for an iPad mini, but when I took a look at this tablet, it became clear that the iPad was a waste of money. I am really happy with this tablet.
This tablet has been just what we were looking for to introduce our children to tablets. The price is excellent!
This was a gift for our daughter. We have downloaded movies and game to it for road trips. She loves it. Super fast. It works great. Picture is beautiful! Get it if you like good electronics on sale!
We got this for my son to use as a reader and also do audio books with read along. It has been great. He had a laptop but that is too large to be practical. This works perfectly for him.
Mucch better than my previous tablet. Runs great and fast. Best decision ever
I have enjoyed this Kindle Fire. Each day, I find something new to explore and I'm thrilled I purchased it.
I have been so impressed and my kids love it as well.
Excellent for minor task. Excellent for Video watching.
This is one great tablet. I download books from my local library and read them on the go. I love the WiFi and everything about this tablet. I only paid $49 for it, but it is awesome!
It's not the biggest or fastest but for the price it is perfect! It's a great little device that works well.
I purchased this kindle to replace one I had for several years. So far it has preformed great. Easy to use and holds a charge well.
great tablet. it's great for playing games and reading.
Amazing for the price. Exactly what I needed and perfect for trips.
Great price for the fire, my other fire stopped working after 4 years, I logged into amazon, and it updated the new one with all my apps
The tablet seems to be working well so far. It is easy to use. Has a good volume sound.
It is a very good buy at this price. Easy to carry
I bought it for my husband as a birthday gift. It's perfect for his movies.
The Kindle Fire is FABULOUS! I have kids ages 4 to 16 that utilize these devices every day so they get lots of use and wear and tear. We haven't had any problems and Amazon customer service is top notch.
I purchased this for my granddaughter to read books and it was perfect.
Me and my husband love them ..we bought 2 for our kids and they love them so easy to use .... and the kids profile is great the tangerine is a great bright color too
Me and my husband love them ..we bought 2 for our kids and they love them so easy to use .... and the kids profile is great
Hi my name is Stephanie and I teach grades K-8 as a resource room instructor. I help to improve upon my students' reading and math learning goals and skills, and this tablet is great. I recently signed up for a trial membership with IXL, a skill-based website for kids. My students are able to work on their individual skills on this tablet in my classroom, and having it is a good resource. For $50, it is affordable and a great resource to have. Thank you, from Stephanie
This is a great tablet for my elderly mom. Compact, but easily readable.
The Tablet works great for the price it cannot be beat. For those concerned about the limiting of apps to Amazon Marketplace there is a downloadable hack that will install Google Apps. Just look it up on Youtube and you are all set.
I bought for my wife cause she couldnt see apps on her phone. This works great, now if i could just keep her from shopping
Works well. Very bright and easy to read. Can watch Amazon prime with ease. Excellent choice for an additional way to access technology.
I bought this as a gift for my wife for college and she practically lives on it and even does her homework on it! She said that it saved her when her laptop died and needed to be able to complete her school work .... if she's happy I'm happy.
I love my tablet I can complaint about it that's the best deal for the year
Nice for my daughter good product reliable easy Carrington convenient
I love this fire tablet. I can do anything on it, and my 5 year old loves playing games on it too.
I ended up buying this tablet for my grandpa for Christmas , I started setting it up for him and found out I loved it. So I bought myself one, my grandma one, and we adopted 6 kids for Christmas this year and bought them all one. It's easy to use and great for all ages. I also love that they use the Apple Store so I can get my favorite apps and games on it. This is by far the best tablet you will ever get for less than $50. And it now comes in fun colors!
Easy to use and great clear image. Only use it as a digital book/magazine. Don't use camera.
This is my first tablet and I think it is wonderful. I can do so much on it and I use it everywhere I go. It's the perfect size for me because it fits in my lunch bag and my apron pocket at work. I can do all the same things on it as I do on my laptop computer except edit spreadsheets and text docs. However, I can view them on the tablet.
My 10 year old loves this tablet and I loved the price. Very easy to use with my Amazon account.
This was a great purchase i do not regret buying it my son enjoys playing with it alot!
Love it! It's an awesome item and my mom loves it! She wanted this and is not computer savvy so she is more familiar with it since my daughter had one
Good for the price, but that's not it! The interface is clean as ipad and but there is limitation in app stores. Initially I tried to use this Fire tablet to cast videos to my TV which has the Chromecast embedded. I have not figured out how I can do it. Beautiful display, easy transition from my paperwhite, connected easily to my wifi. I haven't done much yet except read books. It looks so pretty! TANGERINE is so pretty! Good Price as well!
I wanted an inexpensive tablet for muy son, but still wanted good quality.....it doesn't exist....it does exist this 50 dollar tablet is perfect for him to surf the Web and play his game, my son has it since a year ago go and no problems, so I got one for my nephew.
We got this as a gift for a child. For a first tablet, it's great! Even for an adult it would work wonderfully.
I purchased this for my fiancé. She reads books with it,surfs the web, and watches Netflix on it. Very easy set up and easy to use. It also comes in different colors.
I purchased this for a family member for Christmas. I've owned this tablet and it's great.
Great tablet for kids of any age. It's cheap and user friendly. You can even set controls so there is an age timer as well. It's perfect!
This is the perfect product for listening to internet radio at the gym without having to buy a smart phone and an expensive data plan. I selected the gym's wireless signal, downloaded the Sirius/XM app, put in my earphones (purchased separately), and began listening. Since this item was part of a Black Friday sale, my total cost was well under $50. It's small enough to carry with me, and the screen is easy to read.
I've purchased a number of these for my grandkids and other family members! They are easy to navigate and have great speed!
I bought the Amazon Fire with realistic expectations. I have an iPhone SE (outstanding phone), so the intention was to be able to play some free games, view Facebook/etc on a slightly larger screen, some light web browsing, and maybe read an electronic book here and there. It has served this purpose with excellence so far. Not the fastest tablet you'll ever find I'm sure, but no slowpoke either. And I would venture to say you will be hard-pressed to find a better value for any piece of electronics at $50. Highly recommended.
This tablet is excellent when you are an on-the-go person. You not only have the ability to access the internet, but you have the ability to read a good book as well. You will not have to lug a big book with you if youre out and about. I have never had a tablet where books can be downloaded onto it (and its free). I am one satisfied customer!
Got this for my mother in law and it's awesome. She loves facebook, browsing the wed. It's the perfect size for carrying around in your purse. Love it!
I thought these were gonna be cheapies and not be used, but apparently the kids use the heck out of it. So gonna give as gifts again.
Picked it up on the Black Friday sale it was a great deal
I have been using this item before and it was great I love it and I did recommend it to my friends. I love the quality, the camera and the items that the device have.
This tablet is easy to use especially for parents who are not really good in using gadgets
This was the 4th one I purchased and I love them. My grandkids play on them for hours and I get to choose what games they can play.
I had hardly any computer experience and I love my tablet and would recommend one for everyone.
I got this for my little sister. It is simple and easy for her to use.
It works good.my daughter uses it to read on and play games.
I bought this for a friend, Kim does are easy to learn on.
I got this tablet for my godson who loves videos, didn't want to spend to much and this was the perfect tablet for the price $33, great product great price.
Handles good, just the right size, appearance is great
A friend told me about this product and it was a great deal!
A friend told me about this item and it's a great deal !!
Great buy, great update. My new go to tablet, could ask for more.
Bought this for my niece as her first tablet. She was so excited!!
This is the second Fire I've owned and have found them to be a good reliable tablet.
This is a really good tablet for young kids to play on.
Very affordable and user friendly! It has a microSD card slot expandable up to 128GB.
I bought this as a gift for my mother, she's not very tech savvy but she's able to easily navigate this tablet. She loves it and the price was great for the product.
Great device. Works well. Very handy. Got it as a gift for my father. Own one as well.
mainly use it for watching Netflix. Love it. It streams great. I also use it for emails.
I needed a tablet which I can use without worrying about damaging it. This is perfect for that purpose.
This is the best tablet to get for the amount of money you will spend. It has everything you need. Maybe not the best camera but I phone for that.
This is the most incredible tablet for the price. I recommend to anyone who wants a dependable tablet and doesn't want to spend a fortune.
Amazon fire was awesome! They are cheap but they work just fine!!! This is my 2nd ones so far great for kids!
Bought these for my kids and they love them. Wi-Fi and Bluetooth compatible.
My daughter was very happy she got for her birthday right away put it to work
This is a great budget tablet that performs like one 3x as much.
Amazon tablets are the best android tablets available.
We love our new tablet. We got it to bring with us for our 2 year old when we go out. For the price we were not worried if something sgould haopen to it. Works great, good speed. Well worth it.
Kindle fire is an awesome tablet for reading, browsing..Color is amazing
Bought two of these as gifts they are well worth it. They withstand falls as well which is a plus.
Its a great tablet. Its our 4th one for family purchased.
Bought this for my 9 year. This is the 2nd one he has had because he literally wore the first out.
I brought this item for my grandson and I know that he will really enjoy it and it was a great price.
I have enjoyed using Kindles for about 8 years now. This particular one was purchased as a gift for another Kindle user and after looking at the one my Mom has thought this would be the perfect gift for my friend who is an avid reader. and the Black Friday Sale price was unbeatable!!!
I really like the tablets. My grand kids enjoy them a lot.
I bought this tablet for my girl of 12 years old ,and I bought the fire kid tablet for my other kids ,they loved it , is an great tablet , great prices, easy to use it , the tablets came with cases so everything is in the packet for one prices ,so I'm really happy with this product
This is a great tablet for its price but before you buy it just know it doesn't come with google play services so chrome, YouTube, And the play store aren't official apps you can download.
This was a great price for a great tablet on Black Friday
For an inexpensive Black Friday special, I have to say that I am quite impressed with this tablet. Well worth the $33 price tag. The speakers leave a lot to be desired, but when used with an external speaker, it sounds great. The battery life is also impressive. I've been using it for 2 hours and the battery level is now at 54% remaining. I must admit that I was somewhat hesitant to purchase it, but I figured that for the price, I would give it a try. I am not sorry for my decision. I have another tablet that cost 5 times as much and there is no difference in the performance. Even at the everyday price of $49, this tablet is worth the money.
I picked up two of these for the twins and they love em' I have to take them away from them sometimes, schoolwork has to come first ! Great tablet gave it 5 STARS, and at 50 bucks you cant beat it !
Love it! Great Tablet!! Lots of ways to download lots of fun games and apps.
I absolutely love this kindle fire. It has so many nice options and is small enough to carry when I go out! Great for games and emails.
You get a multitasking tablet for an incredible price!
My 5 y.o. and 2y.o have been using theirs for more than a year now: all kind of dropping and throwing and stepping on, these tablets are still working perfectly! So i get one every time i want to give presents to young ones!
I bought this on Black Friday for my wife and she loves it. It's build quality is good and doesn't feel cheap, it has a decent front and back camera, the interface is easy to use, and there's plenty of games/apps to add hours of entertainment. I feel like the screen clarity could be better but for the price; you can't complain. :)
I bought the original kindle fire table. To get a newer one due such a great price is awesome!
A steal for a tablet to surf the internet or control automation
Great tablet for the kids, play games, surf the web, AWESOME , 5 STARS !!!
It was great my son uses it everyday. Has a great camera and it has really good service with that. Love love love it
Upgraded my wife's original 7" Fire to this one and she is very happy. Much faster, better battery life and better cameras. Didn't bother with the 16gb for $30 more as you can just add a micro sd card for cheaper and greater capacity
Love it, great quality. Nice picture, so good. !!!!
Bought this pre-Black Friday as a Xmas gift. Great product at a great price. I look forward to Black Friday at Best Buy every year!
We got this for our 5 year old and its very simple to use and sheuses it for ABC mouse and other educational apps
this is my second kindle fire I bought one of the first ones 6 years ago and when it started going down hill I didn't hesitate to go buy another one they last a very long time and work great. This time when I bought one it was much cheaper too but only in price not quality.
I got it for my daughter who really loves it, it is very easy to use
Bought two for 2 small boys to use instead of being on the phone and I really like it. Easy to link account. Good parent locks on it and easy enough to navigate
I use this for videos the quality is great I use headsets the speaker is good for quiet places not to loud.
Good product with excellent options from the Amazon app store.
My granddaughter love it works good she is on it all day.
Easy setup and fast for the money. No problem with it.
This tablet is a great beginner tablet. Amazing price! My child has used it over the last year with no issues. I'm buying another as a gift.
Picture quality isn't the best compared to pricer tablets, this tablet is great for only $40. If you watch a lot of vids, I suggest getting the HD version as the picture/audio is better
Great for moderate use. It is awesome for movies and light reading.
Purchased the Fire Table for an elderly person birthday. They love it and is on the internet all the time reading news articles. The Fire Tablet is a good gift item.
I really love my kindle fire, it is awesome! And I love that I could order it in blue. I love to read and play word games on it
Good. Everything went well. Every thing was good!!!
I bought this as a gift for my husband. He uses it every day. It is easy to read on.
I love the Amazon Fire Tablet. It was easy to use, easy to set up and is easy to see and use.
Great for educational apps for kids; user friendly
love the access to amazon and the ability to communicate with alexa
For what I need, this unit works great. I use it mostly to catch up on reading and looking at photos that I load via MicroSD card. Great resolution.
I have one of these tablets so it was a no-brainer when it came to purchasing one for a friend's birthday. This tablet is small and delivers a multitude of functions.
Purchased this as a gift for a Senior, very simple to use for her needs.
I love it. Works great for what I purchased it for
This tablet is great for kids snd adults. It holds a lot of memory. U added a lot of games and pictures and still have a lot of space.
No complaints so far. Great price, great tablet. Purchased an SD card so no worries there. I like it so much I'm going to buy one for my niece. She loves her games and books!!!
These tablets are a great value -- theyre perfect for kids or users who just want to browse the web, read, etc. They are not the most powerful but for the price they're an amazing deal.PS use a search engine and learn how to sideload Android apps. The Amazon store is a bit limited and missing some popular apps. Sideloading removes that problem all together.
Great and easy to use, showed me how to set up the tablet
It's a awesome price for first time tablets for kids
I like my new tablet it's good on battery life and have fast response time when typing
We got each boy one and they love it. Easy for all ages :)
I like reading and I don't have space for paper books, this is great for me I got everything I need and I can read on my way. I like it.
Luv the tablet and reading the books resolution is great
This does everything a Tablet should do and more. The best part is that you get tons of Free, Apps that normally cost...The camera is really great, too. Battery seems to last longer than normal which is a bonus....
The Kindle was purchased for my daughter. She loves it. She plays games on it everyday.
Love my tablet. It exceeds my expectations. Doesnt have Google but i make due since i primarily use it for Kindle
I bought this tablet so I had a smaller tablet to take places, I absolutely love it!
My daughter loves the kindle fire and uses it on a daily basis in school and at home.
This is a easy functioning product. Good for reading.
Granddaughter loved it! She began using it right away.
I mainly use my Kindle strictly for book reading. It's the second one I've owned. The first one I had for several years but quit taking a charge. The device is easy to use and has good battery life.
I boufgt it as a gift to my granddaughter and she uses it for school work daily
This has to be the best $35 I ever spent. The small tablet exceeded my expectations. I use it to supplement my smartphone, and watch tv, read books, check email and Internet on it.
I love this I installed all my videos. Easy to use once you get the hang of it.
I love my amazon fire .I use it everyday.best item I ever bought..everyone should have one.
The best remote for the price you cannot beat it, easy to use
Got this to replace my son's cheaper tablet. It is well worth the extra money. He loves it.
I bought 2 tablets for my cousins and they really love it! The tablet is easy to use and very handy.
I love my kindle fire tablet. Purchased this one to replace a stolen one.
Got for my 3 year old and she loves it. Very easy to use and a great price.
Although not the most powerful tablet on the market, I would say it's a phenomenal tablet for the price. Compared to my ipad air 2, it's an inferior product, but considering it was 15-20x cheaper, it is impressive today the least.
Good for kids to have some nice fun and entertainment . Liked it
Awesome little tablet. Kids love it and they use it all the time.
I bought this for my grandson for his 5 Th birthday present . It is easy to set up and seems to be very durable.
Use my tablet everyday. No problems. Easy to carry
I can't imagine a day without my Fire reader. I absolutely love it and it's so light and easy to carry with me, it is a big part of my day and night. It's so easy to use and download books, and magazines, and even movies. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
I bought his for my eight year old and he loves it. Amazon has many apps both for games and educational that he benefits from every day
My 2 year old broke the first one. Best buy replaced it with no problems, their warranty is the best.
Bought these for my kids for Christmas , they have lasted through drops , kicks falls and throws . great product
Simple to set up and use. This is the second Fire 7 inch I have purchased. First one was for Mother-In-Law for Christmas. She loves to read and this tablet works great for her. I use this one mainly to play music through blue tooth speaker on deck. Battery life is very good. Also Grand kids love to play games on it.
Couldn't ask for a better tablet to read with. Does exactly what is says. I have kindle unlimited and read all the time. Battery life is excellent
It is very user friendly and worked well for my travel needs!
This would be a great tablet even if it were $100. Picking it up on Black Friday was literally a no-brainer. I saw it, looked at the price, picked it up and bought it. It is great for all age users. Not great for graphically intense games, but if you want that you need to pay for it. For a casual, everyday tablet (also great for watching movies on the go) you can't beat it.
We got this tablet for our son to use in school and it's perfect for just that. At the right price too.
This was perfect for my 5 year old u can set it to their profile so they can't buy anything or access the app you don't want them too. Best buy for kids who want a tablet!
Bought one a few months ago and after our conventional kindle died replaced it with the fire and it is amazing! Bought them for my kids for the holidays!
It's a basic tablet for $50. What's not to like. I purchased this to read on, and it's great for that.
My daughter loves it. Its is a very good tablet for her
The Amazon Fire is a great intro tablet. I got this for one of my youngest child so I could setup time locks for usage and other parental controls. If you want to use Googles Playstore on the device then you have to hack it on there as it is not available in current builds.
I have two Kindle Fire tablets, both the 2012 and 2014 versions so I'm rather familiar with them and how they work. For my son's 7th birthday, he asked for a new tablet. He'd been using Leap Pads for the past few years, but was also used to using one of mine when needed. I debated back and forth between this version and the Kids Edition. In the end, I chose this one. In having a kids profile set up on the Kindle, all auto-pay turned off, and being able to decide which apps I put onto his profile, I felt this was a better option. The tablet is quick, good size for his hands, and has enough memory for any of the apps and books I want to put on it for him. We found an awesome case to protect it. For the price, I don't think you could get any other tablet. I am very happy with my choice and will likely continue to choose Kindle products.
My grandchildren enjoy their Fire. It is great for any educational problems
affordable great for on the go and everyday usages
We bought this for my 86 year old cousin so she could download library books, play card games, and, most importantly, watch what her kids and grandkids post on Facebook. I myself have a Fire and found it very easy to use.
best servives grate people and good prises im very happy
The warranty is awesome, my 2 year old broke the first one. Best buy replaced it with no problems.
I bought this product for my son to use for school, its easy and battery is really good! He loves it
After breaking an iPad, this was a perfect cheaper alternative for my toddler.
I have received great feedback re: how easy to use - the size of it is perfect for kids. Easy to use.
This device is kid friendly and is amazing for kids that don't like to read.
Wanted for videos. The screen clarity is great. Great product.
This is a great Kindle for the price. I can take pics of my flowers and send them to my kids. I can download books and read anywhere. I can play games. I can look things up on the web. It's small enough to take any place I go.
Great Bang for your Bucks, thats the first thing that comes to your mind, when you hold the tablet. It feels solid, it works great and doesnt feel cheap at all. I have experience, number of low cost tablets and you feel them the moment you hold them, Agree, you cannot compare to iPad mini or other comparable brand tablets. But at this price point, I am not at all hesitant to gift someone. I cant put my head around, how are they able to offer such great quality at this price, simply amazing!!
My kids love it I have 6 of this and they all work good
a great price, small and light tablet to take with you anywhere
I tried my sons and loved it, I use it for reading and relaxing
Great for all ages...have our own - 2 and bought this also as a gift. Great value for a great lasting product!
This is a great tablet for my son he enjoyed it would definitely recommend
It works well for my daughter no complaints works well
The Amazon 7 Fire tablet is just what we needed, It works great with Amazon Prime and easy to down load books or movies. It's size makes it easy to handle for plane trips
I was very dissatisfied in my first visit to this store but this time I had a luck and I had a good client advisor. He did help me to find what I wanted.
The kids love it! They love the different colors so that everyone knows which one is theirs.
We bought it last year Black Friday for us and now we bought it as a gift because it's good for kids
Great for playing games good size screen and fast love it
It is my favorite thing for relax me into my house-
This Kindle was purchased to replace a damaged kindle for my grandson. HE is familiar with the Kindle format so there was no learning curve. WE are both happy with the purchase.
A really good tablet. The kids love the apps that come with it.
It's a great tablet for the price. Gift for my grandson..
awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome
This is an excellent tablet for reading and playing games.
What a great product for the $. It does exactly what it needs to and then some.
great size and shape clear screen easy to use has a lot of options
The Amazon Fire 7 exceeded all expectations that I had for this device. It works great as an e-reader, and is a functional tablet as well. You may not get the stunning resolution of an iPad or higher priced tablet, but it certainly gets the job done when watching videos or tv shows. Amazon's app store is also better than expected. The expandable memory (micro SD card) is a huge plus for me also.
The fire was very easy to set up right out of the box.
High quality and very dependable. Very easy to set up.
Best tablet I have had load up fast and camera is awesome
Without a doubt the best bang for your buck amazon tablets are in the runnings for great tablets come in various sizes and definitely will give you apps to fill your every needs amazon hit a home run with price and value highly recomend!!!!!!!!! great for gifts. Dont forget black friday and Christmas will be here soon get your points rolling treat yourself to a tablet best buy will be more than willing to help !!!!!!!!!!
Great product. Best buy had the best prices around.
We've waited for the perfect Android tablet for our twin grand daughters and we finally found it. These are great for game play, surfing, learning, and growing with them. The display is amazing. Easy personalization out of the box. And it's through the Play Store. Awesome!
Easy to set up. The parental controls and safety features make this a great purchase.
This product is simply amazing , I won't say its e,actly like Apple because it isn't and I previously owned 1 while recording , never been a big fan of apple anyways. This product is ridcously good for the price its being seller for ,similar format to an Ifap but not the same and can use wireless internet! 1024 graphs cs count me in , can be used as a car steel as well with an aux cable! I use amazon all the time and extremely am pleased with this product.bought itmstore along with saw series , where'd all the CDs go!
Excellent tablet for everyday use. It is not as responsive as the iPad Mini but can't beat the prices.
My five year old son LOVES his Amazon Fire Tablet! It was well worth the purchase price.
Purchased for my mom and she said it was very easy to use.
When you consider the price paid for the Amazon Fire 7 tablet, it is much more economical than a IPAD or a Samsung tablet.. I use it to check mail, Facebook, Twitter and other social media sites! Plus it is the perfect interface for all of the Amazon apps!
Brought for all 3 of my kids. Love this product. Tablets are easy to operate and have not had any issues with them. Well worth the $40!
This is a very servicable tablet ... an excellent value for the price!
Great tablet for reading and the ocassional surfing. It plays videos well from Amazon prime and the display is pretty nice. A great addition is the blue filter for night reading. I bought two.
I bought this for my granddaughter for her birthday. Her sister already had one and the family thought it was a great tablet.
Good for reading and watching netflix.Small and easy to carry.
This is a very good tablet for use with streaming. It does lack some apps like youtube however, since it isn't connected to the google play store. If you are an amazon prime member this is an extremely good buy since you can easily access all of your prime benefits right from the home screen.
Probably the best priced tablet on the market. Works well.
I needed a new tablet to replace my toshiba that had died. The kindle fire is perfect!
Since we amazon prime it give us a lot of entertainment for my grandson music and videos , good and small investment.
I got this for my 6 yr old grandbabie and she loves it. It is perfect for her needs
Bought this to do reading and store PDFs. Great if you are a college student that has to read many articles. Good Luck!!!
great starter tablet for any 2nd grader on up great price
I really love the tablets I brought it for my younger kids
Great tablet! User friendly.....size good, eAsy setup..
This is a great tablet good size and very easy to use.
Great tablet with a great camera for begginers . Has enough memory to start off with
Bought this for a 5 year old and a 1 year old for they birthday. They love to play on it!
Great size. Very portable. I like to carry this one in my bag. Holds alot of my favorite books. Easy to read.
The tablet is a good one, for such a great price. Cant beat it.It is a great tablet and my son enjoys it.
The adults and children who received the tablet as a gift have thoroughly enjoyed it.
Excellent, I love it!! High quality, very responsive.
This is amazing tablet with almost all must have features
Great for kids or anything to do with simple task. Great to for watching Netflix,YouTube or just checking email. Love play games on it from the app store. The family loves it.
This was definitely an upgrade for my 1st grader. More memory = more fun
It's the best tablet i ever. It has the coolest apps
The tablet is very functional and it is offered at a great price. It had everything I was looking for in a tablet. I am very pleased with my purchase.
Nice to have a tablet and kindel in one. Very easy to use.
I love using my Kindle fire for reading books from Amazon.com
I purchased this as a gift for my aunt, after Her laptop went out.She is happy with the ability to download apps and play games while in her recliner and even found apps for texting. It's very good for people who are not so well versed with technology and don't require a lot of storage space. She loves it, which is all that matters!
The kids absolutely love this tablet! Grabbed it while it was on clearance and ordered kid proof cases with them also! It's been great for road trips and all!
Great for kids gotta love amazon they are the best!
This tablet is very good for someone that has an Amazon Prime account. You can download movies and games from the Amazon app store.
I have owned several Kindles and Kindle Fires, and I have been happy with all of them. If you already are an Amazon Prime member, you can't go wrong with one of these tablets.
I needed to replace my old kindle and this one is perfect even has a camera!
This is very functional and user friendly! Great for kids too!
Like it use it everyday. I have 3 grandchildren that live with me and they like playing on it too.
operating system is quick, screen colors are great. Easy to use and great for reading on kindle app.
love it for the kids for educational apps and for required school work and web browsing
great for elementary and middle school, use for educational apps and web browsing
Bought the kindle tablet for my granddaughter and she loves it. I have one myself and I'm always using it when I can. My grandsons want one now. You can read books, play games and use the internet.
Works great and provides everything you need. Love the parental controls, color, screen, and camera functions. Very easy for setup.
Love the fire tablets! I have 4 of them and they are all amazing. My kids love them
I love this tablet. Very user friendly and versatile.
My son loves it! He plays with it daily. This is his 2nd kindle (we upgraded versions).
Bought for my 9 year old and it is perfect. She uses it to play learning games and even to read kid books on it. Was affordable and get's plenty of use.
This product is very cheap compared to a iPad & works as good!
This is a good tablet. Kids are happy and so am I. Got my stuff back now that kids have their own.
This product is perfect for reading alongside my computer while I type.
Excellent Customer Service.I encourage anyone to purchase this tablet it works well parent block is outstanding
I bought this to replace a dropped and broken one. For someone just wanting to read this is easy simple and nice.
Store employees were very helpful. They had enough knowledge to help me select a great tablet.
great for kids of all ages..........................
Nice unit - easy to setup and initialize. I like the availability of the secure digital memory card - can put my music and movies on the card and not take up the internal memory.
The device is excellent and you program is easy and your price is very economic
The tablets and the cases are perfect for my grandkids.
I paid $29 for the Kindle ($49 - $20 in reward cash were applied) At $49 the Kindle Fire is a steal. The 7inch display makes the 1024x600 resolution appear crispy like any HD. The educational game I purchased is fun and noticeably working. The parental controls are solid and his profile includes a safety browser with pre bookmarks added to Disney TV shows and his favorite Thomas & Friends. You can add in the kids Netflix setup and share content easily between our profiles.
It has taken time for me to learn how to use it, but I have been able to: use on Europe vacation, download books & audio books from library, look quickly at multiple email accounts, & communicate with grown children through Facebook messenger.
It great daughter loves it! She loves how fast it is
I have wanted this tablet for a while. I had to get rid of my Galaxy Tab 3 and when I got the chance I went and bought this one. I am so happy I got this.
Glad to get the geek squad back. The tablet is great, best gift I could have gotten
i was totally impressed with the tablet great speed great camera the sound was a little low. i loved the price and I will recomend it to my friends. The costumer service was good and staff very friendly , Thank you
This is a great low priced tablet, especiall if you are an Amazon Prime member.
I love how my son continues to use this tablet on a daily basis and he is only five years old.
Fast. Plenty of great apps. Nice picture. Lot of fun to use . Highly recommend.
Like my tablet very much. Camera good to learn with.
I really enjoyed my purchase. The tablet is awesome and my son really stays glued to it. Battery power is awesome.
It's a good tablet that serves many functions. Amazon is a great brand!
Very happy with my purchase, found exactly what I was looking for when I walked in to the store.
This tablet is great for kids and is easy to set up and operate. Great price! Bought durning Black Friday weekend but Best Buy still had them available for the whole weekend!
I gave these tablets to my g/daughters and there is so much that they can do with it. They come with great apps, which I think they will enjoy for years to come. Also the price was great bargain.
Great tablet for the price. Pretty fast, touchscreen.
The item for my son is 4 years old he really likes it it's a good buy
We bought this for my 6 year old. He loves it. Make to sure to buy an additional memory card, because it's memory is small, but for my 6 year old to play games and read books, it does it's job!
Love it. This tablet is great for school work and home work and also music for your car.
The fire tablet is a good products from amazon they can be used in so many ways. A great educational product for a child. It was easy to setup and start using.
This is a great tablet for the price! Will definitely buy again
This tablet is very user friendly. It was easy to use and a great value.
Bought these for my sons and they love them. Lots of cool features.
This is great for kids. Plays movies and games and is relatively inexpensive. The processor is not nearly as fast an iPad or iPhone but cost a fraction of the price and works great for kids.
Perfect size for doing everything!Multiple accountss- Amazon allows you to set up this tablet with age restricted access for kids making this a low cost piece of tech that is perfect for school kids a.Battery llife is amazing Kindle Integration -this goes without saying but having my ebooks and audible books synced to the tablet is awesome and my Kindle books look great
Tablet is exactly what I was looking for. Works great.
A steal of a deal on Black Friday and a great gift for young readers
This is a great tablet for the money!! I would recommend it to anyone...
Bought this for my dad. He absolutely loves it. It's easy to set up and very user friendly.
My kid love it.its an excellent one................
I bought for my niece and she loves it. The fact that you can add memory is good because the 16gb will fill up fast...
My nephew love the Tablet I gave him for Christmas
Everything work well i like it alot good enough for me
Thank you they were great gifts for my sisters loved it
We bought 4 of these, 2 for family and the others for our 6year old and out almost 2 year old. Overall a good tablet for kids, they don't quite understand the set- up of it. Because theirs so many un- needed, pre- installed apps. But they're getting the hang of it.
I have enjoyed how easy this tablet is to use. My 3 year old can flip through it easily. It was the perfect choice.
I had a Kindle before and then for reasons unfathomable to me, the Kindle seemed to erase everything when I had unexpected trouble logging in with my password. That was the end of the Kindle. Then I splurged on a Fire and bam, everything came back even better than before.
Amazon has a really nice platform and this tablet is fantastic for those folks who do not to spend a few hundred dollars on an Apple ipad Mini.
Purchased as a Christmas gift for my grand babies.
Best product for the price. User friendly and easy to use.
Great tablet for my kid. Great price great performance
Great tablet - great apps and performance. I Love it "
I bought these as gifts. They were simple to operate and you can't beat it for the price.
Great gift for any age. Parentallocks awesome. Expandable sd slot too
excellent product I would buy all mu grand kids one
Bought for a Christmas gift and my nephews love it. I highly recommend
Amazon Fire tablet has been working well. It seems to hold battery charge reasonably well. It wouldn't be great for the youngest kids due to all the amazon product advertisements, but great for him.
It is very user friendly device. MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT.
Great product for the money.This does all and more than some for a great value.
Great device, I have one, and purchased one for my mother. It's great for streaming things off amazon prime, but also good for downloading E-books.
I love my new fire tablet. It ls light and very easy to carry. I take it with me often. I have movies and music on it and it is great.
Great Item everyone should keep purchasing from best buy
This is an excellent product to give as a gift, one of the most reliable brands in the market.
Purchased for kids, very good product for a great price. I seems durable and I won't be out tons of money if it breaks. Amazon fires are easy to use and I love the parental control feature.
I love the box, lots of features, can use on any tv home and vacation..
This tablet proves a great value for browsing the web, storing photos and using Amazon. The sale price is truly hard to beat!
I bought this Kindle to replace my original Kindle that stopped working when I dropped it. I like that the screen is lit so that I can read it in the dark. One problem is that some games that I had purchased for my original Kindle won't load to this one. I use it mainly for reading, and it works well for that . It is small enough that I can take it with me without being too small to read.
My grandchildren each received a Kindle fire and have downloaded books, and games best Christmas gift ever.
Got this tablet for my 10 year old son. It works great as a basic tablet. It was parental controls. He likes to watch moves on it in the car. Easy to use!
I bought 8 of these for Christmas gifts and everyone loved them. So easy to use my 75 year old mother picked it right up and started using it. Love love love my fire
Bought this for my Godmother and she loves it. She is visually impaired and the large font works great for her.
My daughter loves it. Was a little hesitant because of it being Amazon ad machine, but it turned out to be a great purchase
We loved this purchase. would recommend to others.
Great price for a little powerhouse, tough tablet. This was given to my nephew (3 years old) and he is like a bull in a china shop but this little tablet has held up. It may not be the fastest or the best screen, but for small children or accident prone adults this is a great tablet. It does a lot, and Amazon controls for the younger set is quite powerful.
I bought this for e-reading. Easy to use. easy access to Amazon for books.
gave item as a gift, bought on Black Friday at a great price.
Great tablet starter for kids and also like that it comes in different colors
Gave these as gifts for Christmas and everyone loved them! The are small and full of fun
Awesome for the price perfect for little ones if you don't want to worry about them cracking the screen or dropping the product and paying a lot of money
Easy to use. Easy to download games. Kids love the color options.great for school work.
Easy to use. Easy download games. Kids love to do school work on tablets
Its a awesome tablet and very durable for children
Great gift great price light weight battery lasts long time
This tablet is easy to use and great for a beginner. Plus you can find the Kindle on sale at an affordable price.
Bought this for a friend who loves it. Simple and easy to use.
The was an excellent Christmas gift for my son. It does everything he needs.
Do not know why I did not think about getting one of these earlier. This is one we just leave around for anyone to use as the price is so great and most of us use it for internet and playing. have not gotten the chance to read a book on it yet but hoping that will change in the new year.
Very nice tablet. Easy to use, screen is very bright and clear. Nice tablet for the money!
Bought for my kids. Perfect size (physical and storage) for them. Privacy settings allow for plenty of checks and balances against their purchases.
I absolutely love my Kindle...especially this newer generation! Great product!
Great product for the price. It performs perfect for everyday use. My son likes it for his educational purpose.
This tablet is just what the kids needed. It's easy to use.
I didn't have any expectations before buying the Fire tablet (which may have been a good thing). With the discount offered over Black Friday, I just couldn't resist. Well, I am totally amazed at how good it is, especially considering that it only cost me $33. I download ebooks from my library, surf the web, do my email so what is there not to like? Sure, it doesn't have all the bells and whistles of an iPad but, for me, it is the ideal portable internet device (even better than my mobile phone).
Great gift for those who read and also enjoy Youtube
this is my mothers first tablet ever so we're getting her use to Electronics. She does love it
Purchased this for my 5 yr old son. I had previously purchased 2 other tablets for him (both different brands) and they both went out within a year. He loves his tablet. He is able to play his ABC mouse and watch Netflix. Easy for him to navigate. I am going to purchase the 16g for myself.
I recently bought this on sale at Best Buy for $34 on Black Friday and couldn't be happier. While I wanted primarily an e-reader (which this does very well) I also use my new 5th generation Fire 8 for Facebook, CNBC, Fox, and CNN news updates, Alexa queries, and occasional email. I added a 32gig micro disk and now store all my Amazon e-books on it (and yes, you can save all your e-books onto the micro disc. Just read the documentation as it's easy to do). While the Silk browser is not the fastest browser in the world it works just fine for my needs. I also added two security apps via the Amazon app store to keep me protected. They seem to work well so far. The screen resolution is acceptable for my needs and while I haven't downloaded any movies yet, I'm confident they will play well. I should also add that I had to separately download an update from Amazon to install Alexa. While doing I needed to call Amazon tech support and they were excellent and very customer centric, responsive, and helpful.
Black Friday deal, cheap and does what it's supposed to. Kept a little girl very happy and occupied
The price was great and my kid love it. Just bought another as a gift.
Its awaesome. I love it. The price is worth it to buy it.
I bought as a gift for my mom she loves it it's easy to use. She can take photos, watch movies, browse internet
I love this tablet. It has great quality and functions just like an apple tablet yet you save hundreds. I love how it also connects to alexa dot. Apple doesn't have that.
Great tablet, great price, wifi has great range compared to apple products
The tablet is great for my 3 years she loves it very easy
Good brand awesome use for home entertainment or out and about
The kindle fire is a good little tablet. Good battery life, easy to use, just wish amazon would add the play store to their tablets but other than that it is a good tablet.
Love this tablet. So easy to use. My kids love it.
My kid is so happy. its was surprise gift for him. thanks best buy
My 2 girls ages 2 and 5 absolutely love these tablets.
Amazon fire is almost relevant to a tablet, which holds ,post of the feature and respect to processor speed it more than the expectation to surf and listen music
I bought this tablet because of the excellent apps it offers and it's easy to use.
The Kindle Fire is a great tablet. It satisfies my needs.
I purchased the Amazon Fire Tablet because I have had one for about 5 or 6 years. I wanted a tablet that was sturdy and would last because I purchased it for 2 of my grandchildren
We purchased 3 of these tablets on Black Friday as Christmas gifts for our oldest three children. We already have one at home that they share. We all love this little tablet and are very happy with its performance so far. It's perfect for the apps they use at school and for the kids' games as well. The App Store has so many great apps for free...!
I bought 4 already and So far my cousins love it. Still working great, easy to use, great size for kids.
Very pleased with my amazon fire tablet. Reasonably priced and works great.
My grandchildren will love them. Christmas gifts..
This tablet is perfect for someone who just likes to cruise the web and play games! Perfect size and speed!
My son loves the tablet. Ha ugh the freedom to down load any app he wants. He uses it everyday. Only downside is the battery life.
I love it my son will enjoy it because it keeps him quiet
This is my first kindle and I love it. Would highly recommend
G'kids came over early for Christmas, ages 7 and 10. They opened basketball hoop and backboard, a camera, Lego toys BUT they went "CRAZY" when they opened the "FIRE" tablets. By the time they went home they had already downloaded game apps to play. Thanks for a great Christmas ...
Love it, the tablet is nice lightweight you can use it everywhere!
I purchased this as a gift (Christmas) for my girlfriend but i gave it to her extra early, it's a very good tablet, got it on black Friday for the price $39.99 she love it. Thanks Best Buy.
Small, lightweight, well priced, a great entry tablet.
I bought this for my two-year-old son to play games on so I wouldn't panic if he dropped it. It is also a great tool for you fire apps and Amazon Apps.
I bought this for cousin. She is very happy with this small tablet.
This is my grandson's 2nd kindle fire! Great product and great price!
I bought it for my daughter best thing ever I will recommend it to anyone
I bought my son a Kindle a couple of years ago and decided to update his kindle to the newer vesion. He uses it for everything, which is great. Love that he can do so much with the kindle.
My kids love them very good and they enjoy playing there game and music
This is having all apps handy and shopping easy with Amazon and awesome piece.
I've purchased this tablet for myself, my boys (10 and 18) and my nephew (16). It's perfect for everybody!
Would reccomend. Bought one for my daughter. Prefer over my expensive larger tablet.
Great product great price wold recommended this great gift
It is easy to use and has a lot of great features. It has a fairly decent camera. It is a good size
Bought this for my son and he loves it. Only thing I wish battery ran longer other than that great tablet.
I love this tablet, The internet on it is so fast. It is really easy to use.
I purchased two of these during Black Friday for $39. My kids love using these!!!
last year I bought three for my older grand kids this year I bought one for the younger one and they all love it.
Excellent priced portable tablet good for carrying around. Very light and small.
I have used this for a while now and what can I say .. just love it and worth buying ..
Our granddaughter wanted a tablet for Christmas so we got her one of these. My sister and sister-in-law have one and love it
Amazing tablet. Does almost all things my original 400$ kindle fire did. So very happy with my much cheaper option!!
I would purchase these again,my grandkids love them.
We bought this tablet for our son, is very light weight, fast and easy to use
It's realy high quality tablet . My son love it, and it has many educational apps.
Would highly recommend, great product great price.
This Kindle Fire is very durable I believe that she can drop it a few times and it won't hurt it a bit so wonderful easy learn product for grandkids
I bought this tablet for my 9 year old nephew and he loves it. It is easy to setup and very user friendly. Picked up a case for protection.Buy far the best bang for your buck for an entry level tablet.
My sister in law is in love with this. Best gift ever for her
Great stocking stuffer , we love giving this little number as gifts every year
Got it for $30 on Black Friday great gift they loved it
No better tablet for the price. Amazon continues to produce excellent products.
I love this little tablet it is about the size of a large paperback book. perfect for e-reader or kindle apps. small enough to carry around with very little weight. fast processor an lots of free apps you can use. also has expandable memory card-bonus!
My son bought this with his own money during Black Friday. It was his 4th Kindle Fire. Definitely an upgrade from his previous generation model. I love the durability and extended ability to accept a larger sd card. Screen is notably better. He travels with me on work trips and having an Amazon Prime and Netflix account for this thing makes it the perfect travel companion.
We've had one of these for a while now. Very reliable, easy to use and great looking display. All in all a good purchase for the price
This tablet is so compact and fit in my purse. It works very well.
I bought this as a gift for my sister in law on thanks giving and this is the best gift...They just love it to the best
After searching in multiple stores, Best Buy had the best deal for this great product. The product works flawlessly from any part of the room. The Geek Squad at Best Buy are one of the finest and best to approach for its setup.
Love the tablet. For this price it's an amazing offer
Love my tablet. Simple easy to use for reading and surfing the Internet
Very nice tablet for the price. Fast and responsive
This was perfect for my son! He loves it and loves to read.
I bought 4 then 2 more. Great beginner tablet and great price.
I had read that the tablet supported gps, for Pokémon go. You can make Pokémon go work, but this tablet does not have built in gps, it uses wifi triangulation. It is great for watching movies, YouTube, and social media apps. It's also great for reading books.
Really the best cheap tablet out there.It's equally great for those inclined to hack it and make it even more useful, and anyone who want a simple tablet. Works best if you have Amazon Prime.
Is a great tablet for the kids to play games,learning stuff,you tube and cartoons love this table
its great for children not costly good for daily use
Perfect for my 10 years old daughter. She loves it and that makes me happy.
its really good and product and quality...user friendly to kids
Its a steal at 33.33$. I bought the second version of Kindle fire 3 years ago. And its still running great, even with respect to battery life. I have gifted everyone in my relation. Bought around 10 of them for gifting.
It was the the perfect gift for my 7 year old grand daughter. She read 3 books the first evening.
This is my first tablet, and I have yet to do much more with it than read news articles and comic books. But I really like its picture quality and intuitive usability. My only complaint is that it doesn't support certain Microsoft and Google applications.
I now have 3 of these tablets. I use them for my harmony remotes, baby camera monitors, youtube for the kids, receiver software, reading articles and books, games and many other things. Its not the best tablet out there, but for under $50 its great. My one issue is that it does NOT have the play store, so if amazon does not have an app you will have to side load it. Other than that you can't beat it.
I wanted to give something to my younger brother without being precarious
I have 2 grandsons that have been wanting a tablet, so on Christmas Day they are going to be so happy!
Bought for grandkids for Christmas and they love them!!
A great tablet for my son. It has YouTube and parental controls as well as time limits.
This is my second Kindle Fire tablet. My first works well. This was purchased for my teenaged son. He uses multiple apps; watches movies; surfs the web; does a bit of graphic design and occasionally reads a book. I use mine almost exclusively for reading and watching Netflix. I occasionally surf the web. Love that it has expandable storage, though I have not needed to use it yet. Would and will definately buy this product again.
Perfect price and just enough memory for anything. Perfect size great quality this is the 5th one I bought for someone. Pictures are great also
My son loves his new tablet. It's a great product.
Love my new tablet its amazing recommended it for someone whos looking for a tablet for a cheap price
This is a great little tablet for kids works fantastic
I purchased 3 of these for Christmas gifts. Our family has several Kindles and they've all been very good tablets! They're great for all ages too.
The Amazon Fire is the best bargain without giving up anything... So far it has done everything I could have ever dreamed
great tablet does it all you don't have to break the bank on an expensive one this is perfect
I bought this for my four year old. I haven't given it to him yet, but I'm impressed how easy it is to use and how many apps are available for his age!
great price on this tablet, now if only my kids could let me borrow it for a while
I bought the tablet for my children and they loved it.
I gave it to my mom for a gift. She loved it lot..
The device is amazing the kids love it. It's very easy to use almost like a iPad.
I love this Kindle. This is the second one I have purchased. It's easy to use, had great background light.
Bought these for my boys and they love it read books play games
It was a great price bought it for my neiece for Christmas and I'm sure she is going to love it.
I bought this tablet for my husband for him to use a home. He likes that he can sit anywhere and use it. He has a big laptop and does not transport well. He said he did not want a tablet, but he uses everyday. The only downfall on this tablet is that when you turn it on it advertises some online game and you have to wait for it to go away before you can use it.
I love the way we can program it for my grands....
Overall a great tablet for the price. Able to use this for work and play
I love my kindle. Bought this one for my mother in law. Plan on putting her on my Amazon account then we can share books. This way she will always have books to read and not have to pay for them. Luckily we like the same authors.
Awesome little tablet for the price. Not an iPad but fine for just watching Netflix and other small tasks while on the go.
the tablet is great for kids. it's ok if it gets damaged because the are so cheap compared to an ipad. easier to just got get at BB
Perfect tablet for the price. Does everything incredibly well, snappy performance! Thinking about getting a second one! Expandable memory is a massive plus.
Bought this on Black Friday. I think my kids will love it.
Great gift for Christmas for children! Inexpensive as well
Purchased this for Christmas for my daughter. Its small size allows it to be easily carried around and handled and she will enjoy reading kindle books on it.
Tablet was purchased on sale and worth it.It holds a good amount of memory. Lots of games can be downloaded.
Both my daughters have had kindle for several years and love it. Purchased their brother one
I love this tablet more than my Ipad! I bought this item for both my son's, ages 7 &8, they love them! They are inexpensive and very easy to use also easy to set parental controls. They play all thier favorite apps and games watch movies... for free. I wish there were more options or variety on protective cases. Otherwise, it's an awesome product for any age!
I was looking for an inexpensive tablet that would be fast, cheap, and do simple things as reading, internet, and music. So far it's been great and on top of it Amazon released an update that adds Alexa to the tablet, so now you can ask questions to it, do notes, ask her to order you items, and also get her to play music from Pandora, Spotify, etc. Great buy!
The tablet was everything I was looking for for my little girl thank you so much for making such an amazing tablet
This is a great tablet for young and old alike. It has a track record of reliability and ease of use at a great price.
Bought for a Christmas gift. Works great for anything we have tried to use it for. Great reader!
Its a simple tablet, but works great, good picture, you can do most the same as other major named tablets.It works for me.
This is a nice budget tablet especially as a starter tablet.
My kid loved hers so much that I bought one for my son. Wonderful and easy for the kids!!
I am purchasing this tablet for my younger cousin as a starter tablet. But we will see how well it holds up with his rigorous activity and game playing.
I bought this for our foster child as a Christmas present
My Grandson love this tablet it's great for a 6 year old
I bought this to take on vacation and I love it! I use it to read ebooks, watch Netflix, check my email. Definitely gets the job done.
The service that I received was terrific. I am very pleased with my purchase. I would definitely recommend your establishment to my friends and family
It's the perfect table for kids (personal situation) has almost same applications the most tables has, with affordable price.You will be happy with your purchase:)
Got this for my wife and she loves it, it's small but runs great
Bought this for a gift and now buying one for myself. Very portable and easy to use.
Bought 2; Great Tabs for kids, economic and sturdy; great buy for the Holidays !( Now the leave my phone Alone ! )
My organization was tasked to give gifts to needy children. So we figured these would be great gifts for the older children since they rarely get gift that they could use.
I brought 3 tablet for my grandkids and the love them. Its easy to operate and block off other web sites to make it kid friendly
This is a great tablet, lite, portable, exceptionally fast and plenty of space for everyday internet browsing and/or YouTube watching.
Bought 2 for my kids great price well worth it. Works great on wi fi
This tablet is very reasonably priced for children and I love the insurance replacements. Must have for the young ones.
Nice to have for the price I bought it for. Does what I need it to do just not very fast.
i bought his for my son and he loves it it fits right in his hands and easy to navigate
The fire tablet is a great tablet. I've purchased 2. The kids have shattered the screen on both and still work great!
I got this tablet for my grandson as a Christmas gift because of the timed parental control feature.
My kids love it & I like it 2 tanks and is really easy to use great product..
What a great tablet. I purchased this Amazon fire tablet for my niece for Christmas I love the colors that are available, the price was excellent. Very happy with my purchase definitely would recommend to anyone looking for a low price tablet.
Love that you can pick different colors for the tablet, my mom will love it. Great easy functionality and ability to delete apps and install new ones.
I have one but bought this for a gift. Best gift for a great price.
Fire tablets most most awesome with lots of good images
This is a great starter tablet for the price - It is easy to use, expandable and cheap and able to use for surfing and reading and games
If you are looking for something inexpensive for your kids this Christmas, this is the one.Easy to operate, good quality and size for kids and adults.
Got a great item for a great price. I'm totally in love with this item. Well worth the price.
Mostly use the Kindle fire to read eBooks. Works great to download and read books from the public library.
Recently bought one of the 8GB models for myself and loved it. The next day, I ordered one for my wife and one for our kids. Easy to use, good battery life and a great price!
Bought 2 during Black Friday, great for the price! Don't expect it to be an iPad but for regular use and price, you can't beat it!
It's great, but not too much memory. Bonus I was told that I could add a memory stick. Haven't done it yet, but like the possibility.
The product is cheaper than the kid version but works the same. It is a great product from Amazon. The camera is so so but entertaining the kids are great.
bought this for my 2yr old and he loves it. great price for the features
great gift have one myself, easy to use & carry!!!
We purchased 3 of these for our kids and they love them.
My nephews use their tablet all the time. It's durable and pretty fast. They love it.
Small and easy to use. This was a great value on black Friday.
I absolutely love my Amazon Fire. When I travel I always have access to my book, emails, and the internet all in a nice little unit that fits in my purse. You can enlarge the print to make it easier to read. Very happy and you sure can't beat the price!
As a gift you can't go wrong. Best price an happy customer
Best tablet buy for my son . It's perfect for the games he plays
Great for reading books and the kids app is great. My 5 year old loves it
Nice product, great value. Perfect beginner tablet for my 7 year old!
This is such a great tablet for the price! Only regret was that I didn't buy another one for the Black Friday sale price
Bought for my nieces, great for them and easy to learn to use
It was a good price and nice. It takes nice pictures.
I'm not a huge fan of the modified Android interface on this tablet, and it is FAR from the best tablet on the market. Not even close. But I am giving it 5 stars based on its value. It is a very durable and functional tablet and includes a camera AND a microSD slot for cheap, easy, expandable storage. Throw in the excellent integration with the Amazon ecosystem (if you use that) and you have a very worthwhile device. If you are not a big Amazon user, I don't think it has as much to offer, but it is still nice for an ultra-low-budget tablet.
Great tablet, perfect for my son. He can have all his games. Great performance
I've had my tablets since last year and they still in great condition, ii read on it a lot so I think I made a good choice
great tablet works well was a good gift for a begiiner
I have purchased numerous kindles and Fire tablets for family and friends. They've all loved them. When they went on sale at Christmas, I decided it was time to get myself one, after, of course, buying three for unsuspecting niece and nephews. I have an older iPad that I love and use but it is limited due to upgraded technology. This Fire tablet is perfect to do all the things I could not do elsewhere. If you are an Amazon Prime member, you owe it to yourself to get one of these things.
Great price for this tablet my kids love it and we haven't had any problems with it.
This is a great tablet for my gra ds kids Christmas presents
I bought this kindle as an upgrade for my first kindle fire
Great unit at a great price for reading and storing recipes and cooking.
Wife loves it, great price. She thinks it is better than our sons ipad.
My son loves this tablet and it was an amazing Black Friday deal!
The size is nice for portability, roughly the size of a normal paperback, nice features, very easy to use, adding books to it is a very easy procedure, either downloading or hooking it up to the computer to transfer .pdfs, etc.
Best investment made. I use this daily for reading and doing light work.
Awesome product we enjoyed a lot very easy to use with no problems
Easy to use many different features make it fun to use
Bought this as a gift. My kids and I have these at home and love them. My cousin loves it as much as we do.
I purchased this for my son and he loves it. He does vary basic things like play games and watch videos but it works perfect for that
I love it, it is easy to read on and a nice size screen for the kids to watch movies on
Looking forward to using my updated Kindle at Christmas.
Use it everyday..never had a problem,perfect for gaming ,internet,email,etc.i use it for everything.priced nice
Love the tablet, easy to use and loaded with fun for the whole family
Bought as a Christmas Gift. I think my grand daughter will be very please.
This tablet was great for my boys. I would highly recommend for young kids. A+++
I bought this tablet because of the great price and all the things that it can do. Really excels in all fields.
The price and product is perfect. Great for travel. Light weight and easy to use.
I started out looking for an iPhone 7 Plus. My company wanted my iPhone 7 and $400. I looked into tablets and found this wonderfully sized Kindle. It does everything a phone or a tablet does for a fraction of the money. I love mine.
This is an absolute steal at the price! Great product with great functionality!
Great tablets I bought two of these for a 5 yr and 6 yr the parental control is an awesome feature. No regrets whatsoever.
This table was use for watching YouTube and it's perfect with awesome stunning picture quality comparing to all other expensive ones. This is very affordable.
Great device. I purchased this for my uncle. I have the same device and it works great for our needs. I use it mainly for games and reading.
It's a great tablet we use it alot when we travel .
I love this tablet, I can take pictures and videos.
My daughter loves it,she gets to play her educational games
I love how much this tablet can do. It fits in my purse perfectly.
The Amazon Fire is a perfect buy and at a great price! What my son loves best about the Fire is that it has a camera (the older version does not). I would highly recommend this the Fire!
Best product ever my kids love them dearly!!!!!!!!
Use it daily home and on the road, my husband is hooked on it as well
I use this for time tracking, music and inventory control in our woodworking shop. Works great, easy setup and no complaints.
This tablet is great for my son. It's easy for him to access and download apps, play music and enjoy video racing games. Great value for the price!!!
Kids love it can downloead lots of games great charge system
Best has some of the best products! They are very helpful in finding products! This tablet works great for reading books or watching movies!
I purchased 3 of these Kindle's for my grandchildren and 1 for my husband for Christmas! They loved them and they were a very good price! I then bought myself one!
I love that I combines a tablet and a reader!! I don't need to bring two products around! Tough to beat at a $49 price
I have bought this tablet for my other 2 grandaughters and it works fine for them! This one is for the 5 year old ! The other 2 are 7 and 3 years old! Great parental control features!
This is a great product for kids. User friendly lots of capabilities.
I like this tablet for kids because it's easy for them to use and also allows for parental controls to help keep them safe. Great value too.
Bought for one of my granddaughters. It was easy for me to get setup and off she went. Kids are too smart these days.
This small tablet packs a lot of power. I can use it for many tasks including checking email and paying bills.
not only s it a great product but the sales staff especially mike Whitt tremendously patient and skilled in showing me the basics of the device!
We had one before and it was stolen so we got another and loving it as always, great thing to have on the go or when you don't want a bunch of books all over
I love all of my Amazon products and this one is no different. Great quality and clear pictures
We purchased this for our son (9) and it works great for him.
Purchases as a gift for my niece in the Caribbean. As soon as I gave it to them they hooked it up ti the wifi and was ready to go. They enjoyed every minute of it
Wanted to give my father another way to read his books or play his games without lugging around his laptop. He hasn't put it down since he was given it for Christmas. Easy to use and has a lot of options available for apps.
Good size for my toddler and resolution is very good.
Extremely sturdy construction. This is a great tablet and very durable. It can take a fall and keep working as if nothing happened. I would recommend this for someone who has a special needs child. I would definitely buy another one.
It's easy to use and so much fun! I like that its small, portable and has so much I can do!
Kids loved it would buy again good storage works well
I love this!! Wish it had more Apps. But great for the price.
I Brought this item for grandsons. They love them.
I love this tablet so much that I bought 7 of then for my family so they can have there
I purchased this pad for my boys. It is an excellent pad for a great price. They use it for all the popular apps, along with their favorite games. Sound, picture, and the touch screen are all great. I couldn't be happier with my choice. If your looking for a great pad at a great price, look no further, this is the pad!
He loves it, I love it. It was the perfect birthday gift for him. He has lots of games to play,and its perfect for my reading.
My son's love these things. Great price and works for me.
Easy to use, light, sturdy. Purchased case on ebay. Great price. Wish it would work with chromecast. Sketchy Fios updates but resolved.
Works perfect and the price is right for my needs.
I bought both of my young boys one tablet each. They absolutely love their tablets and very easy to use. Rarely do I hear arguing while they play their games whether it be letters and numbers or racing.
For the price you cannot beat the deal on a tablet. Crystal clear picture and very fast. OK, so the wide variety of apps available on an apple or Android are not here. But most major apps are, and if the app is not available just go to their website. A simple fix.
Perfect tablet for my son. No complaints. Super fast shipping!
For the money, a great Android like tablet that works
I bought 6 of these 4 for my children & 1 for me and my husband. Very easy to set up and for the money they are the best buy in tablets. My kids use them to do their homework as well as play games; great parent control options.
Got this on Black Friday and wasn't I would use it much but I do, excellent value, easy to use.
I have this tablet and loved it so much I gave one as a gift. Battery life is long.
great product, we are loving it, highly recommended
Wish I didn't have to sign on with a card but great product
I purchased this simply for reading kindle books. I was able to get it with a reward certificate for $40. It's biggest issue is glare, more so in the sunlight. I bought an anti-glare screen protector and it made a huge difference, but it is still difficult to read in the sun. I'm still very happy with the product.
Great tablet. Very reliable. Only problem was the ads. But they didn't bother me too much. Overall a great buy.
This device was easy to use. It was as it was described.
We got this for our daughter before an overseas trip. She got a few books and loved it. It has worked well for her.
I got it because it's my mom's favorite color. It's got some powerful speakers. I can hear her on it from two rooms away
My son loves his tablet it keeps him occupied and well behaved
My grand daughter loves it, hasn't put it down since we bought it from her. Clear picture, runs great, she loves to watch videos and play music.
Happy i used for play games is ver y fast At camera
Easy to use and download books. Great for beginners who never used digital book readers. I love it!
I got this for a friend an was very pleased. The fire tablet is awesome. It dose everything the kindle fire dose.
Excellent for travel, games, email, small enough to carry
My daughter is away at school, and she uses this inexpensive Amazon tablet, which she won't is should something happen to it, and it'll be easy to replace. It has all the functions she needs, though it doesn't support some apps, but it does support all the popular social media and has a decent camera. It's easy to use, big enough to read on, but it's not huge, and it's easy to hold, store and carry. My daughter enjoys the orange cover.
Nephew loved to play games and listen to music. He never puts it down. Very good buy.
You can't beat this for the price. The Internet is fast and a good reader.
Simple to use, works very well, and at an unbeatable value for price.
I bought this for my husband for Christmas. Got it for $33..couldn't beat the price. We found this was a greal alternative to pricier tablets and clunkier items such as laptops and Chromebooks, when all you wanted to to is check email or do surfing. Display is great, Definitely recommend
We bought this for our son and he loves it. He can read his books and also play games on it.
This is not the first time, I bought these tablet several times, because they work excellent, I sent one for my best friend and she love it, I like everything from this product.
Purchased this for my niece for Christmas. She loves it. Great for the kids, or if you're not looking for anything specific. Lightweight, easy on the eyes. You don't mind spending that money especially for a kid that may break it...because they're kids.
The item that I needed was very good in value and easy to find in the store The cost was reasonable and exactly what I was looking for, which was what I needed for the new printer that I also purchased at Best Buy. thank you
Gave as a gift. Hope it is working as planned. Nice sale price.
i am 61 years old and do not know a lot about tablets. i mainly play the games but it is great for that
Awesome for kids. Great for parents (peace and quiet) lol
We bought this for the grandkids to use for school homework and it wotks very well. Easy for them to use.
I purchased this tablet as a Christmas present when they were having a sale. It's a good, basic tablet that does everything you could want a tablet to do (especially for the price I paid).
Have bought these for myself, grandkids and daughter. Nice size to put in purse and easy to take with you in car. Lots of uses for this.
Love my kindle! Highly recommended to anyone that reads regularly or travels. We use it for reading on the go and even to access Netflix and email on a device larger than a cell phone but smaller than a computer.
give the tablets to my grandsons they love them and would buy them as gifts
We wanted an inexpensive tablet for our 8 year old and this one is perfect. He can use it to read books and play games and it was very affordable.
This was a very nice unit and easy to use for kids. Good value
I bought this for my elderly mother who had another tablet that broke. It was easy to set up. More importantly, it's easy for her to understand. I did have to create an Amazon account for her just so I could download her favorite apps. The only challenge I had was she uses Gmail for her email accounts. It took me a couple of tries to get her Gmail into the stock email app. So far, she is happy as a lark with her new tablet.
This thing is pretty awesome. It's lighter and thinner than my previous one. I am a fan.
Bought 2 of these for my kids to have something to play with and watch movies on while traveling. Bought a couple kid proof cases online and they are good to go. Well worth the cheap black Friday price.
I bought one specifically to play music videos in my car with the Bluetooth sinced to my stereo. It's awesome.
Great Device! Quick, easy to use and a great value!
I purchased this as a gift for my parents. It's easy for them to maneuver.
I love these tablets I have two, I would definitely recommend they are light weight and hold a battery for a long time, great for emails , surfing the web or just shopping im gonna buy another for sure you should by this product
Reasonable price yet love it my kids loves itttttt
I bought this tablet for my goddaughter and it was definitely a great buy! Kid friendly and she has all the books and games she's interested in as well.
I use this tablet to read e-booksome and watch movies. The screen quality is great. The tablet is small enough to fit in my purse.
This is the perfect tablet for my 3 year old son. He loves it and it is easy for him to navigate. It is also easy for me to set up parental controls and give him access to certain apps.
It's a really good tablet for kids my kids love them
I loved my tablet, it fits in my needs. It's fast and works perfectly for me.
This tablet is very easy to set up. It is very easy to use.
I love my 7" Fire Kindle...it's great when I go to appointments I can play some games or just read while I wait...light weight too not lugging around a bigger Reader...
My daughter was 27 and had never owned a tablet, she loved it!She uses it constantly
Good products I would advise every one to get one it work great and easy to install
Overall - good quality for the cost. Ease of use; functionality is beneficial and allows for great entertainment.
Nice tablet and at a outstanding price. Still going strong..
The best gift for someone and you could download a lot of games
I previously owned the larger hd fire 8.9 kindle and loved it. I wanted a smaller tablet to fit in my purse so this was perfect. I love the color. It holds a ton of books and you can add a sd card for extra space.
I have one that I love so that I purchased this to give as a gift, and the recipient loves it too!
It was a great kindle fire! It functions well as a reading device and a tablet. Plays good audio books.
I purchased this tablet for my nephew, and he loves it! It works great, and has everything he needs for not only reading but school work and entertainment!
I purchased this tablet fire 7 for my daughter and she really loved it.
Great birthday gift for a 9 year old. He has enjoyed this so much.
bought for my 4 year old daughter. plenty of apps and battery life is solid.
I got a really good deal on the tablets. My kids love their tablets.
I really do not understand why Amazon has moved to the 6 inch format. The 7 inch format was much better and the screen size fir most aps better. Although I have relatively small hands, this one fits into my hand much better than the smaller 6 inch. A great tablet.
Bought 2 for our grand kids Great price and very good graphics
Love this tablet, have bought several for gifts because I love mine so much!
This is a very nice tablet for a first time tablet owner. Reasonable price and able to expand memory with micro sd card
The Amazon Fire is a great device and for a great price! This new device now has a camera where as our older version did not!
Like the small size and convenience. Recharges quickly and is available when my Lenovo tab needs to be charged.
Is great has a kids zone on it won't let them buy unless parents ok it.
I have no complaints what so ever. Great Item. recommended
This tablet works perfect for me reading books on it. I love the option to have the blue light disabled so I can read comfortably in the dark.
It's very fast and has great picture and for the price you can't beat it
For the price it is great and it is quick to search
Bought this just to have as a device to read my comixology account. Works perfectly for my needs!!
This is a great tablet if you don't plan or want to spend a lot of money for one.
This is a good tablet for your everyday used!!!!!!
Bought for daughter taking American Lit class that requires alot of reading. She downloaded audio form and enjoys having those stories read to her while working out.
bought for my kid and it works great. fast enough for movies
Bought the tablet for my son and he loves it. very affordable and worth the money.
Great for my 6 year old son he loves it was an easy set up. and for my son being 6 he knows how to work it very well. great from kids.
Very happy with this product. Way more than I expected and you couldn't beat the price.
I originally bought this because of frustration in using my IPad for several websites. So I decided to try the Fire tablet. Well it did get me to the websites that IOS on my IPad didn't. But I started to investigate it more thoroughly. I checked the manual and started to have more fun. The camera works great , and the apps are great! This was to be a secondary purchase but I am using it more and more.
Amazons fire tab is amazing entry level tab. just go for it.
I like every thing about the tablet size , color, takes good picture's
I bought three for my each of my grandchildren. They are 2,5,and 7. The 2 year old loves watching Elmo on the tablet and it's not too loud and the picture is very clear and colorful and she knows how to push the icons on the screen herself, the 5 and 7 year old plays car racing games as well as reading and math games. It has parental settings on the tablet so that I can assure that's it content is kid friendly. They love it.
I absolutely love my Kindle fire! I'm able to do everything on it; read, watch videos, play games, listen to music, shop, etc.
Don't let the summary fool you; the reason this is the third one is because of the quality! I've bought one for myself, one for my son-in-law, and I bought this as a replacement for my mother, who uses it to read books in her tiny apartment. The Kindle Fire is extremely user-friendly, and I'd recommend it to anyone wanting an inexpensive but reliable tablet.
Purchased 2 of these to gift to my granddaughters, and they absolutely love them. It's just the right size for them to comfortable hold.
This is a smart buy! Wonderful for reading and watching movies. Perfect if you have Amazon Prime!
It works great as advertised. I bought a Micro SD card upgrade and that works too.
Very nice....some of the apps were hard to open at first...but had to play around with....love it now! Would definitely buy more again.
Overall satisfying tablet. My wife loves it and uses it almost every day! Would recommend getting a case and screen protector.
The Kindle Fire I purchased at Best Buy is awesome for people to read books online and search the web. It is one of a kind!
I hadn't bought an "updated" Kindle in quite a few years, so as the battery on my old one wasn't holding a charge very long, and searching or downloading anything became a half-day event, I felt it was time. So, off I went and purchased the latest 7" screen Kindle Fire, and holey moley what difference. This new one is incredibly fast, has a beautiful picture, amazing capacity (plus a SD slot for expansion), and a two-way camera to boot! I'm still learning all the new bells and whistles, but so far this has been great and looks like the beginning of a beautiful relationship!
Love my Amazon Fire tablet because it's not too small and not too big. It's just the right size. It's light weight and the resolution is very good. I recommend it highly.
It's very nice tablet my kids love it and i am very happy
I love this product it very great for my son. My son educational apps on here
I like the size! The screen is perfect for my online reading textbooks for school!
This tablet is your best deal for the money. Since it uses an adaptation of Andriod made by Amazon, it is technically possible to install Google Play app store without routing the device, if you read a bit online, making this tablet probably your best buy if your budget is tight. Absolutely recommended.
I got these for my kids Christmas present and there perfect for them. They download their games on to them and play during road trips and also download learning apps from school so they can stay ahead.
Pros: Light, easy to set-up if you have an Amazon account, parental control, good use for little ones, excellent camera qualityCons: Touchscreen can be sensitive at times
Got this around black friday, for a great price, Been happy with it and will be buying my son one as well.
bought this tablet for a first time user the price was right the quality was good
Kindle fire is excellent device I personally have one as do all of my children at this point
Very good tablet for this price.Its very handy.......
Easy to navigate & get acquainted with. Charges fast, holds charge! Very pleased
Good for the kids and it works for playing games and reading. Exactly what I needed it for. Very happy.
purchased for my daughter to read and she loves it.
Bought it for my nephew for an upgrade and he enjoyed it more.
This is great little tablet that is very user friendly and lightweight!
I purchased this as a gift but was told by the person that I gave it to that they loved it!
Great product works really well for the money, !!!
Awesome Tablet for reading books. Very easy to use. Great value for the price.
We bought this tablet for my four year old nephew and it works great! We love how it can be set up for different users!
The best e-reader to use and handle. This is my 2nd one and will get another one in the future. Recommend this e-reader
Truly enjoyed it, meets customer needs great for games, reading and day to day usage
Wanted to upgrade my Kindle and this one is perfect.
Good Amazon product , good camera and amazing apps
Gave this as a gift and they have thanked me numerous times for it! I've had one for many years and it's still working with no problems!
For the money, this is a very good tablet. I bought this as a gift for my dad. He loves it, and he uses it everyday.
I am extremely happy with this purchase. It is everything I expected and more. Great price for a beginner tablet.
Bought the tablet for my son and it works great love shopping at best buy for all of my electronic needs
This is my second kindle & its lighter than the 1st, & nice to read my books on
the kids love it they learn something every day i'm happy i bought it
My eight year old granddaughter loves it. Did research and the best deal was at best buy.
I bought for my nephew who is 11 years old. He is very happy.
I did not use more than internet, for that works perfect
I love this tablet, and use it as an eReader mainly. I love how this is capable of reading my books to me (if they're compatible). My favorite feature for sure! Thay way I can listen while I'm cleaning the house and my kids love to listen to them too. It bluetooths to a bigger speaker without a problem. Tactically the screen is so nice, i love the feel. The Internet browser is a but clunky, so if thats your main desire.. This may not be the best. I feel it does well for my needs. I have found most apps to suit my needs on the amazon app store.
Love my tablet was going to by laptop but bought this instead cause this is cheaper
great value as a beginner's tablet for a young person.
I love the product and its easy to use would love to recommend it to friends
Bought this for my elderly aunt. Was able to customize it so that it would be very simple to use for games. Amazon customer service is amazing.
Great starter tablets. Got these for my grandsons. They love them
Bought for mom loves it dependable and tough enough..dropped 2 times and not a scratch great item
My son liked it its a great tablet for kids. I recommend it
I bought this Kindle Fire for my daughter for Christmas, and she has completely enjoyed it. Build quality seems good, and I have been impressed with how Amazon has increased the functionality of its basic Kindle Fire over the iterations of this product (I also own a first generation Fire). It remains a very viable product and a joy to use.
I brought 3 of them. 2 were gifts. We love them. Awesome price.
Very nice tablet for the price and great for kids.
This tab is awesome. Easy to handle and carry anywhere because of its size. The price also very reasonable.
Mom really love it for Christmas. Easy for her to use.
I like best by becouse they are aforedabul and cuvenet and easy to get to.
I bought this for my son for Christmas and its perfect. My son gets to play his games with easy access to Amazon prime content.
Purchased tablet for 4 year old twin grandchildren. Also purchased the protective cover. Absolutely love it.
I bought this for my wife after she started having headaches from doing Facebook and email on her iPhone. The larger screen makes it easier for her to use for an extended period of time.
We bought two for grandkids and one for mother-in-law and both are happy with the product
Easy to use and understand. It's a great purchase.
Bought this tablet so I wouldn't have to carry my laptop when traveling. Didn't think I'd use it at home but I find all sorts of thing to use it for there too. Sure my phone does some of those things but the bigger screen is easier.I also didn't think I'd use it as a reader but I slowly got hooked. For $40 it's a real bargain.
My son loved it he was so happy when he opened it up
I was looking for something within reasoning and saw the ad for these. I purchased them for my two oldest grand-babies and they loved them. I not only enjoy the price that I paid for them, but I can honestly say that my grand-babies are to this day still enjoying them.
Enjoy all the features of the tablets from gaming to pictures. Battery life is good as well
This tablet is very kid friendly. It's easy for my daughter to operate.
Very good for me put it in my purse or use it in bed love it.
Bought for adopted family for Christmas they were happy
I wanted to get my 12 month old a tablet to start with and this was a good pick.
I bought 2 of the Amazon Fire Tablets for my god-children for Christmas and they love them. The tablets go where ever they go! They play games on them, as well as play educational games to learn different skills needed for school.I love that Amazon made the Fire tablet kids proof and the screen isn't so fragile.
It's no iPad but you can't beat the price. Makes a nice gift.
This is the second Amazon fire 7 tablet I've purchased. I haven't seen anything that compares to it for the price
I like this tablet very much. Good for kids to use and cost is low. Quality of touch screen is excellent. My kid can watch youtube cartoons, play games perfectly.
I bought it for a friend on christmas she love it. Very easy to use
I gave this as a gift to another and got it back. I use it for fb and web, also, reading and Alexa. Can't be read in the sun.
I use it for reading and I love it! I could take it anywhere.
This item was for the kids for Christmas. The Amazon FreeTime feature with multiple child user profiles is a great way to help balance learning and productive time with their fun time.
My wife has enjoyed this tablet a lot. She plays a lot of card games and looks up recipe.
It's a really great tablet for Ebook exploring great
This is the 2nd one we have purchased for our kids. They love them.
Nice tablet for the price. My son liked it. Was easy to use
Purchased this for a family member and they love it.
I purchased this item for my nephew and he loves it. It's small and works great. So far we have had no issues and the memory space is great.
This tablet is great for a toddler. Easy to use ! Easy to turn on & off.
This is the perfect gift for Grandkids especially to get them interested in reading.
The kindle fire is a nice little tablet its great for reading and watching netflix
Everything was great. The actual item is holding up to our little ones expectations as well as mine ! This is definitely something that we would encourage everyone else to purchase as well. It's pretty fast and simple!
I love this. wish I brought a bigger screen one....
My children like to read and they wanted something they could have books on. This tablet allows for games as well without having the need to spend hundreds. It does the job for highschool.
first fire is great, purchased a second as a gift and its perfect.
It was for my 3 year old she loves it!! She was able to work it very easily!!
This is a great little tablet and I love the fact you can add more storage to it. So awesome and the battery life is fantastic. I recommend this to anyone. More affordable than an iPad and sturdier too.
I love this tablet! Perfect size, great graphics and speed. Purchased this on sale during the holidays - great value!
great tablet for not a lot of money. would recommend.
This tablet is able to do everything other tablets do. It has expandable memory and you are able to download apps from the play market.
Bought this for my daughter, she loves it. Inexpensive, works great and she has a lot of fun with it
extremely inexpensive! Was shocked at the price. I thought there must be a catch like I have to buy a membership for it to work. I was wrong. Downloaded 40 apps the 1st day and started using it right away. Its perfect for my 5 year old son to play with. Durable and won't scratch.
got this for my mom and she loves it. easy to work
I bought three of these tablets for my grandkids for Christmas. My wife had 0ne and she rally loved it.
Nice, & easy to obtain. My nephew loves it, he has yet to break it
Its the best and affordable tab for every one and super cool
It was good. I like it. Easy and simple to use. Better than apple ipad
Young readers don't have to keep up with a book. The tablet is good for young readers
Very nice improvements from earlier models. Resolutions better and greatly reduced sun glare. Certainly worth the investment.
I wasn't sure how the tablet would work out but getting this tablet was a great idea. And the price was awesome!!
I am pleased with my purchase. I use it daily. Ive downloaded several books. It has good picture quality and excellent sound.
They loved it and are always talking about their gift .
instead of spending a lot of money on a iPad for my kid, i bought this great alternative option. price is great! works great too!
I really enjoy my tablet. It does everything that I was looking for in a tablet. Easy to use and small.
Great device to use when you want to work on small things that doesn;t require a computer. It's portable and is capable of streaming with out problem. Battery life seems to go quickly, but real quick to recharge
This tablet is perfect and works flawless. I wish i got another one
I purchased these for my grand kids for Christmas to watch kid shows on and these were a great price for what I wanted.
Within the low price range, this tablet is excellent for watching TV, movies or reading a book. PROS: very sharp display, fast screen response, fair speaker, low price.CONS: need adding memory in form of micro-sd cards and becoming an Amazon Prime member to make this tablet worthwhile.
It is a great simple tablet. Easy to use anyone can use it it.
Love this tablet. I got it for my niece to watch her videos on and educational videos. She doesn't put it down. The battery life is awesome.
This is my second kindle purchase for a child under 5 years old. It's the most functionally and practical tablet. My first kindle is still working fine and my daughter has had it for 4 years now and it has grown with her. My kids love them, and I also received one for myself as a gift so we now have 3 in our household and none of them have been damaged at all. Despite how clumsy my children can be. I highly recommend the kindle!!
excellent.they really enjoyed them. highly recommended.
love this tablet, I would so recommend this for others
Was able to turn it on and log into the internet seamlessly. Very impressed with the speed and apps available. Great for the price! Buying another today!
Great for reading books, news, email, TV, music...and games. A wonderful device that is light enough to carry anywhere. Especially good for travel. Easy to carry and get through airport security. Can use on the plane. An easy and inexpensive gateway to computer literacy for older folks.
Bought this for my daughter to read books on. Very pleased with the tablet so far.
Works great for educational games and videos for my 4 & 7yr old
Bough the tablet for my 11 year old nephew, loves it! Great for online games and videos.
I have two boys, 5 and 7, they empty the tablet's battery everyday playing, still working perfect.And parental control is very good.
The Kindle Fire is an excellent tablet for the price. Each member of my family has one and they meet all our needs and hold up very well.
The best tablet for the money. I use it all the time.
Excellent tablet for everyday browsing and use. And a true bargain at the Black Friday price.
It's a great tablet for everyone I would recommend.
I was buying tablets for two grandkids ages 5 and 10. These did the trick and I didn't have to spend a fortune. I also bought the protective cases to protect them...Great purchase!
This replaced a gift from the past year that didn't come with an expansion slot. He was very happy to get this.
Purchased for my son right before a family trip, This thing is great and packs all the features I could have asked for.
I loved the tablet...does what it suppose to do...
Gave it to my mom, who hasn't turned on a computer in 20 years. Showed her a couple of things, now she is a pro.
good product for the price and is large enough for viewing but small enough for travel
It is very easy and lightweight to carry around and use
Seems like a great tablet for my youngest daughter. The parental controls are nice and the battery life seems decent too.
I bought the device for my grand babies and they absolutely love it. My son says they pretty much haven't put it down since Christmas and I may need to buy another one so they don't have to share.
I purchased one for each of my kids (4) and they love them and now I don't have to fight for my phone because they are on it playing app games lol!!!
This device meet my expectations. Fully recommended.
Had been.looking at this item on Amazon and hoped it would go in sale. It did and I was able to purchase at Best Buy.
This was my third Fire 7" 2015 to purchase. One for me and two for gifts. The apps in the Amazon appstore are not a numerous as in other stores, but I've got email apps, games, office productivity, everything I "need". For a simple to use tablet it gets the job done very well. As an e-book reader it's great, but not outstanding. The screen is not as nice as higher end models, but for the price and quality this unit can not be beat! The speaker is mono and not as loud as nicer Fire units, but again this is a sub $50 unit.I use mine daily for email, web, some simple games, I've even sideloaded a few apps that work great (Your mileage may vary).Expect to like the unit for what it can do and you'll be happy. If you think this one is as good as a $150 tablet, well look elsewhere.All the sub $50 tablets I've seen out there can't hold a candle to this one's build quality and features.
I love the price and also the navigation. It was easy for set up very Convenient and light to carry. The screen is also very visible not blurring like other brands.
It is a very good product and the attention of employees was very good
I love my kindle fire. They are a great compact device that can do so much. I can read books for free, play a game and look up answers to my kids questions so quickly!
Purchased this and I love it! It's easy to setup and easy to use.
I originally bought the tablet because I enjoy putting together jigsaw puzzles. Not having time to do them at home, I found apps that I could use on the cell phone while on the train. But, anything more than 125 pieces was just too many for the screen. I've found that I can do 225 piece puzzles comfortably on the Kindle and, for the amount of puzzles available and the time I can spend on them, that's good enough for me.But, the Kindle offers so much more. There are other great games and puzzle apps from the APP Store plus there's a six-month "free" trial subscription to the WASHINGTON POST. You can go online via WiFi and download books, read email, watch movies and videos, and surf the Internet, just like on a regular computer.It's great fun!
This tablet has been easy to use and setup for my daughter.
Can't beat the price on this tablet. It greatly serves its purpose, I bought it for my kids to read. They love it!
Great Tablet for the price. Its very good for beginner.
was a great buy for my mom. would recommend to anyone who read a lot of paper backs.
Absolutely love my Kindle fire. Would buy for friends and family. It is the perfect combination of a tablet and e-reader.
This has been user friendly for my dad, who is 78. Always provides entertainment and meets his computer needs.
I bought 4 of these and gave them to my nice and nephews for their Christmas gift. They are a awesome tablet for the price.
Bought this for my niece and it works great. Access to all the apps she likes and easy to use.
This is an easy to use tablet. It was easy to set up and easy for my 6 year old to use. I purchased one of the off brand tablets for my other kid and have had a lot of problems with the charging port. Not with this tablet, worth a little extra money.
Great tablet Very good put together and easy to use Greatest for gaming
It is affordable and a great product. Its a great ereader as well as a great tablet. Just the right size to play games and watch movies on.
These made great christmas gifts for my family that isn't too tech savvy but they love them and use it frequently!
Gave this as a Christmas gift to my uncle because he has been given other tablets that did perform as they advertised. I have asked him several time if he is still enjoying the Fire and his answer has always been yes. I also purchased one for myself as well and it has continued to perform as well as it did on the first day I started it up. It is also a great tablet for someone who is a first time user of this type of technology. I would purchase another one should the need arise without giving it a second thought.
So easy to set up and use right away. Dual camera is great.
Got tablet for daughter, great tablet, size and easy to use.
Its cool for kids and safe with the case if your kid dropped
We bought 2 of these for our 2 oldest grandkids. They loved them and were excited to receive them and to use them on a trip to Florida.
Thank you, the Fire works great!! My daughter is on it all the time, and I can regulate what she looks at.
Cant beat the price for a tablet. This is the best bang 4 buck.
Great little tablet for my young family member and the price is right.
Great gift for a kid to read, surf and play music!
My Nephew and mom loved their tablets! He is 6 and takes it everywhere. Easy to set up and use
I think this is the best table for reading books and just browsing the net.
Short on memory but easily expands with memory stick. Works great for everyday tasks.
Purchased this for my mother in law who loves to read but can't always get to the library. It was easy for her to download books with simple instructions. Now she is hooked on some games. Best gift ever!
bought it for my niece and she loved it she was super happy
Excellent Amazon product perfect for my 4 year old, I put it into kids mode and she loved it!
For the price it's perfect. Does all the basics well and if you break it you won't be heartbroken. Well worth it.
everything you need, good price, easy to use and kid friendly
I was able to run this fire tablet with Kodi and now this tablet kicks @$$
I am very happy about this Amazon tablet purchase at Best Buy and it is working great.
great price and a better gift,i was looking nice gift.
I bought this tablet for my children, I love it for its parental control settings as well as how fast it is. The volume is louder than many other tablets I have handled, which makes it great for watching videos or game play. I would definitely recommend this product and would purchase it again
My grandson loved it! Shipping was lightning fast!Thank you!
So far it has been easy to use which is what i was looking for. The graphics are good and I love all of the free apps. I can get. The cost was great too!
great purchase. it does everything as expected. very easy to setup.
Great value and responds quickly to the touch. I bought two tablets for my college son's for Christmas. This tablet is great to connect to wifi and use to watch hulu and netflix in bed. Super!!!
Great for kids and adults !easy to use and carry around
The Fire Stick is inexpensive, easy to set up and really responsive. Ended up buying a few of these for the entire family.
I purchased 3 of these for Christmas gifts for my son and 2 granddaughters. I purchased 2 different colors for the girls so they wouldn't fight and one for my son to replace a broken tablet. They all love them.
love the color. easily to navigate and add apps. need a memory card though.
Works great as a movie player. All I use it for is watching movies on an airplane or at sea.
I purchased this as a gift for a special needs child, he was able to use mine with ease so I bought his his own. Best Buy carries amazing covers as well and he is now able to listen to music, learn colors and numbers, and access movies in a fun interactive way. This is an amazing purchase for the price.
Bought as a Christmas gift. I got it on Black Friday, so the price was very good. My daughter can use this in her classes and it's a great size. I even bought another one after Christmas because we liked it so much!
Bought for my Mom, easy to use, simple and she can load all of her books onto her tablet.
I purchased this as a gift and it went over very well. She loved it.
Got this for my boy and he loves it plus he had dropped it a few times picks it up and keeps on playing
bought for grandkids they love them. wise choice I made
you just cant beat the value here. great having one of these
Great tablet and for a great price. Good for gifts.
I bought one for my lil 2yr old and I absolutely love it. I can take it on the go and it's an easy and practical device for my lil one to use.
Thus device is so portable and works really well for what I want it to.
This tablet is the perfect size for my kids. It has great parental controls functions and ordering apps is easy through Amazon.
My kids are pleased.............I am happy I made this purchase!
Affordable price the tablet was a nice Christmas gift
The Amazon fire is a good tablet for everyday use.
Works well...is a lot of value for the money. Very happy!
This is a great tablet for the price. Great for traveling!
Purchased for using Freetime with three year old. So far so good. The three year old is able to use and enjoys. Did get the amazon case.
Bought this fire for someone as a Christmas gift and it was the best gift given that day. It is perfect for any small online tasks one would like to do and absolutely perfect for reading books!
The fire tablet works great for what I use it for, games, email, buying, entertainment.
I got this as a gift. My mom is really enjoying it. It works great!
Amazon products amaze me for the value of what they are. This is no different. A great little 7 inch tablet where you can surf the web, watch movies, read books, or listen to music. Only really works if you have Amazon Prime. This really unlocks the potential. To really unlock the potential you can also subscribe to kindle reading unlimited if you read a lot or have several people in the family that will also read. I actually opted to return this one to upgrade to the Fire HD8 which was only about $20 more at the time and gives you a slightly bigger screen and HD resolution (I love to stream movies).
I am very impressed with this set-up. I purchased as a cheaper replacement of an apple product and it does exactly the same thing.
Very good tablet, the price is worth, you have and the price and quality in the same product.
The screen quality is excellent, and while not all android apps are available for the Fire, a vast number are. The batter life is very good and the responsiveness for the apps that I use is wonderful. my number one negative is it's continued use of the old industry standard USB cord and socket for charging. My wife often uses the tablet while it is plugged in, which leads to damage to the socket and the connector. This intern will lead to a third rate connection and the eventual inability to charge the device. I'm hoping that the new standard (USB C) will fix this problem in the future. For now, don't use the tablet (or any tablet) while it is plugged in!
My boys absolutely love Being able to do ABC mouse on here and I Feel this was one of my greatest purchases
This is a very well made tablet. If you can deal with the Amazon pre loaded apps, it is very fast. Simple to use and the best tablet for the price.
The screen resolution, ease of use, and access to apps, books, and movies makes the Kindle Fire hard to beat. This is the 5th Kindle we've purchased (big family) over the past several years - have been happy with each one.
My granddaughter loves watching movies and it goes everywhere with her the size is easy to watch and it has a great picture .
Decent price for a nice tablet. Got it for Kids, I set it up and got ready to go, kids love it and spend time playing their fave apps.
this is the best tablet on the market for a really great price and even has Alexa access
I bought this as a gift for my daughter who was happy to get it.
Super happy with my purchase. Neice snd nephew were fighting over it and they both chose it over their iPads!!! Who would have thought!!
My grandkids love this tablet. Very easy to use and navigate through. Best Buy was awesome because after we bought the tablets (3) they were on sale at another store and Best Buy refunded the difference.
I brought one of these tables as a gift and they love it! It was easy to set up and great price.
Purchased as a gift for the mother-in-law who needed a new device for reading books. Even at the suggested retail it's a rather remarkable bargain; with Black Friday pricing it was a steal. Excellent graphics, convenient size.
It's fast reliable and easy for any age to play games read or browse
I had the first gen kindle and this is soooo much better. Screen looks better, the front and back camera is cool, the side control buttons are convenient and so far the tablet works great. It was an easy setup and transfer from my Amazon acct. I bought it originally for my 4 yr old so the parental controls are great too.
Very good tablet and easy to use. Its small a portable.
I bought this tablet for my youngest son. He was the last in our family to get a Kindle fire, we all have one. He loves it, as we all do. It's a quality tablet for a great price. I know from experience ( and daily use) that it will last a long time. Love it!
Got this for my dad for Christmas. He loved it! He gets on and plays games and browses on the internet. Screen is not to big but not to small it's perfect for him. Works fast! And has some cool little updates such as "Alexa"
I already have a kinds. I bought this as a gift. Love best buy online customer servive!
This tablet is very good specially for children they can download all the games they want to download on it...
Recommended every day. Great Customer service also fast shipping.
Combining this with Amazon prime made this an excellent choice for my 1st grader. They have so many free books and learning games.
got for a great deal bought 2 for the kids and they love them.
Excellent Product excellent price ,nice and easy to use thanks
So easy to use and my parents just love it and use it all the time!
My son's Kindle Fire finally quit, I was happy to see it in such fun colors at a great price to replace the old one.
It is a great product. Very reasonable price does exactly what my kids need it to do
I also own one. They are great easy to. I got my four grand daughters one they love them.
The Amazon Fire works terrific! It great for emailing, social networking and web browsing. I can even play a few games on it too. Battery life is really great too. I recommend this to everyone!
Wonderful tablet for the price. Great for what I need. Not perfect for surfing the web but for reading, watching movies and listening to music it has been wonderful. Great deal!
Very good buy for the money had 2 months and works great
My Grandkids love their kindle!! It offers so much for learning YouTube etc
Bought two of them as gifts for parents, arrived on time, satisfied and great for what you pay
They work amazing and can't beat the price.........
This is the second fire tablet I have purchased. I purchased one a year ago for myself and bought the second for my wife. She loves it.
It is a great price for a basic tablet from a brand I trust. So far, it seems to be fine for the things I want to do.
I bought this tablet for my granddaughter..it is perfect, and she loves it.
I got this on black Friday for my mom for christmas. She loves it. She never likes my presents so this is great.
I love the features and works great! Perfect gift for any occasions.
This is my first tablet and I really like it. Easy to use and I like the touch screen a lot better then the tablet my kid got at another store. Perfect size for my hand.
This is an excellent option. And it has Alexa built in.
I have an ipad, and though I can say this is no Ipad, it works great...especially for the money. Never touch the ipad any more and even bought some of these for my kids.
This is one kool little tablet. I spent some time with these and really enjoyed what they offered. The y make excellent gifts for little loved ones
Nice little tablet. Works great as an eReader. Easy set-up, easy to use. Like the expansion capability for memory.
Daughter love it can download all her app good battery
Great product for our little ones. They both recieved this for Christmas and love it.
This tablet is actually really fast. The screen quality is also good.
this was one of the best product i could have bought for my daughter
Excellant starter tablet . I love that it is preset with children in mind. I love the color choices available since I have 5 grandchildren who each got this product for Christmas
Excellant starter tablet . I love that it is preset with children in mind and I love the colors.
Excellant starter tablet . I love that it is preset with children in mind
Good tablet for basic use. It is great for traveling.
I have purchased three of these tablets. I owned one for myself and fell in love with it. I use it to watch movies, play games and for facebook. It came with under ground access to lots of free apps. I loved my fire tablet so much that I bought my two daughters each one also for xmas. I got them on black Friday. They love them so much also.. They mostly use them for netflix and youtube and to play minecraft. This is the perfect small tablet, easy to set up and use.
Great tablet, amazing price got it as a gift and they loved it,
I love it it was a gift for my niece she uses it a lot to extreme movies battery holds up very well
My daughter really likes her new Kindle. She loves the color and the size of the tablet. Works well and was very easy to transfer her items from her old Kindle to this one.
overalls a great price and good processor for personal use. Great for small children value and size.
My nephew always wanted to play games on my phone, so when I saw this tablet on sale I picked it up thinking it would make him happy to have his own tablet to play games. For past month, I have not seen him once with out it. Big score for favorite Aunt..
Easy to use for all ages. Easy to learn and use all the amazon apps. Amazon stands behind their product pretty well.
For the fundamentals of tablet use this one works great!
I have to get a case for him but I was able to set this one up for Free Time. I have it set for time frames of the week and weekend he can play. I also was able to make it where he can't play games until he has completed 45 mins of reading.
This is great for reading books or letting your kids play games and keep them off your phone.
I've installed and its working perfect Im very impress with the product next time I need any software I will always looking for Best Buy stores
It makes it the perfect gift,Not too big,Not too small...perfect
Gave this as a gift, the recipient loves it and uses it daily.
I purchased two tablets as Christmas gifts and the children love them.
Love it! A perfect tablet with a 128gb expandable storage
Super fun and enjoyable. Bought them as Christmas presents
I bought this for my niece for Christmas. She is 8 she loved it.
Enjoying it immensely. Recommend to anyone. Perfect size to carry in your bag.
This tablet is great for the price & an easy way to read books, too!
This is the perfect portable device. I believe it to be much better then IPad or in my opinion rivals it.
This kindle fire is great for the price. I love that you can add more storage for even more apps and pictures.
Great small size tab that easy to keep up with. Not too big and not too small
My moth in law loved it. It was a great tablet for her!
bought my 1st fire a couple of years ago, killed it, then saw the great sale price and had to get another
Bought as a gift for a person's first tablet. They love it. Easy to use and as many popular apps as any other devices. Highly recommended.
I bought it for myself. Loved the price and it works pretty well for $39. Didn't break the bank at all, very happy with this purchase!
Got this as a Christmas gift for my brother-in-law. He loved it!
I love that there is a kids profile you can create on the tablet. Very user friendly.
It bought this as a christmas gift for my friend. This is her first tablet and she loves it.
Purchased as a gift for grandchildren after comments from friends and reviews about the parental controls. Would not have considered without this feature.
Easy to use, ton of cool kids features, awesome price
The Fire Tab 7 is one of our favorite Tablets, and you can increase storage by adding an SD card. No reason not to get one unless you don't like saving money.
Its great love to watch my favorite shows and read books
Set up was easy, downloading of apps easy for both of us. Has so many uses.
Holds a charge, easy to use, all in all great tablet.
This is a great, basic tablet for my daughter. It gets the job done for most everything she needs (simple games, movies, etc). Work great with Netflix and Amazon Video. Make sure to get a nice protective case if you are buying one for a young child.
Good for on the go. Keep in mind that some apps are not compatible due to it being Amazon and not Android. Overall a good purchase.
Perfect size for on the go. Some apps aren't compatible due to it being an Amazon tablet vs Android. But an overall good purchase.
Easy to use and can't complain about the price. Able to watch Netflix and surf the internet easily
No complaints from a functional tablet that does all you need for a great price!
works smoothly when typing search info to google things. constructed well. The casing is solid and well made. Operation of this tablet is great.
Did what its suppose to do my kid loves it. Amazon keep up the great work
I purchased this for a Christmas gift to my niece she is learning a lot from it and it keeps her occupied with the games she loaded to it smart choice for first time tablet and its a great brand
This tablet is great not just for adults but also kids. After having this tablet I'll never go back to a different brand.
My mother in law was so happy to get this tablet. She cried when she opened our gift at Christmas. It is easy to use and easy to navigate. She is a first time tablet user at almost 70 years old.. And has never used a smartphone either..she now spends most of her time on it. Great tablet for the price. Definitely recommend
One my favorite color ..................:.::::.::,
Perfect for anything I need to do on a tablet. Watch movies, play a few games, surf the web. Works great and is much faster than my old samsung tablet.
I bought my wife the fire when they first came out a couple of years ago. She found it difficult to use and passed it onto our youngest son. He showed her all the features and when the latest fire came out, he bought one, showed us all it had to offer, she bought me one for Father's Day, and then she bought herself one. My son helped us set it up and showed us how to use all the featured it offered. We love it. We take it everywhere, especially in our travels. It is offered at a great price and I purchased two more for Christmas gifts along with the cases...Love them.
I bought this tablet for my 7-year old grandson who likes to watch YouTube videos. For the price it was the best deal I got all Christmas.
I have bought four of these now. Great gifts and great for kids.
The perfect Christmas gift. Now my family all has one.
Bought this for my 3 year old and she loves it, it's perfect for her and if it breaks it wasn't an expensive device! Well worth it
easy to use light weight, I love the games it has.
This is my second tablet, my daughter love it, just the perfect gift.
Like always a timely delivery. We have had these items before and we re purchased
great- easy to set up- great gift item- small and fits in purse!
With parental controls, this is a great tablet for my grandson to use!
This is a good all around tablet for a nice price. I have one for me and one for my seven year old and haven't regretted it. I suggest it if you have Prime and love tech.Only con is the cameras which are a bit grainy but I use a phone for pics
Bought 3 for kids... they stay charged through play all day (7-9 hrs) and have been dropped and slammed a few times already but still look perfect and work just like new
Kindle Fire image are very clear and very helpful my kid love it I definitely recommend to buy it
I decided I need a device dedicated to my Amazon account so I purchased this. I have been using my iphone and ipad but wanted to have a device specifically for books. I've had kindles before and the products are so good.
My son loves his kindle. Loves the layout of software. Easy to download apps. User friendly interface. Bought the 8GB storage but bought expandable external storage to make it more robust. Very durable. Love the child settings to limit use when necessary.
I bought 3 of these to use for tutoring kids at church. The program is just getting started but I think they will work great as a tool to help these kids. We will have some basic reading apps and educational games.
This tablet was purchased for my son and was a great gift. Very kid friendly offering child safety options. Great price.
Great price for the tablet. My granddaughters love it.
Got this so my mother in law could Skype with my brother in law who lives in another country. Works well for that.
it is as good as it has been advertised like using a desktop!
This tablet and the size is perfect for kids. Amazon also offers unlimited kid activities, for a small price of course.
My kid love it I buy 2 for my 2 kid battery life Is all way last longer
Purchased for 10 and 8 yr old for xmas. They loved them. Excellent price as well. PErfect for this age group without buying a child tablet
This is a really good tablet for young kids that loves kids apps.
An excellent product, easy on the eyes when reading. Lots of apps and access to a wide variety of books, catalogs, magazines and news outlets. I would highly recommend it.
I purchased the tablet for my Christmas Angel. He loved the tablet and case.
Works great!! My brother loved it. It's easy to use!
We purchased this tablet for my daughter for Christmas. She is in kindergarten, and her school allows them to take a device in to use in class. For $39 I couldn't beat that. Especially since i'm not going to send a 5 year old to school with an iPad!This tablet uses FireOS, which is Amazon's customized version of Android. Typically when I look at an android tablet, major deviations from vanilla Android will make me deduct ratings. The parental controls override any rating deduction in my mind. This tablet has the best parental controls I have ever seen! In addition, the alterations to the home screen make navigation pretty easy for my daughter. All in all this is a win win!The thing that has really impressed me has been the speed and responsiveness. Don't get me wrong, this is not a premium or flagship tablet by any means. With that being said, I have used Android tablets in this price range, and they are garbage! My wife has an insignia tablet that cost $70. It has a higher res screen and a few more features, but it nowhere near as responsive. When it dies it will probably be replaced by an Amazon Fire tablet!Keep in mind, Amazon is trying to hook you into their ecosystem. There are separate home screens for various types of content that Amazon delivers. Your books on one screen, or you can swipe to music on another, etc. From what I see there is no way to have more than one screen of apps. The nice thing about the Amazon ecosystem is that it is cross platform. They maintain apps for Android, iOS, Roku, Windows, MacOS, and so on. Also, their app store is not as extensive as the Google Play Store, so I may end up doing some side loading. That isn't hard, and instructional guides are available online for you.So in conclusion, this is a nice entry level tablet. I would bump up to the Fire HD8 for the extra features if buying for myself. However if buying for younger children or if you're really tight on cash you can't beat it! My twin boys are about to turn 3, and these might be on their list for birthday time!
This is the fourth Kindle I bought as a gift. Perfect for any occasion.
These kindles are the perfect gift for kids (and adults) of all ages! Everybody in my family owns one and we use them daily!
This was a Christmas present to our 4 year old grandson and he loves it. He was so excited when he opened it on Christmas! It is a perfect tablet for a 4 year old!
Okay but needs a lot of improvements, but for simple stuff is good.
Great starter kit for a child. Highly recommended.
This is prerfict for my kids and my needs! We love reading the books and when a game is wanted or watching Netflix it is so easy!
My 8 yr old twin had a tablet previously and we have no idea where it's at. So this time around I didn't want to spend much but wanted her to be able to go to all her fav websites. So far I love it!
Kids love it. Everything in one tablet for kids to do. Kid friendly.....
We bought a Samsung washer and a drier. Product quality is great and the customer service too
Very good item for the money was happy with my purchase.
My son loves it he wants to get the card for expanding memory it's a real good value and works great
I love this tablet. Easy to use and has a lot of features.
With these being on sale for $33, we couldn't pass up the deal. These tabletd are perfect for younger kids.
I got this as a second Kindle e-reader as well as an educational and leisure tablet. I also have a Kindle Keyboard; I thought that I wasn't going to enjoy reading on the Fire because of the back-light, but it is very adjustable and has a setting to turn the blue-light off for reading at night. I also wanted my kindergarten students to be able to use it educationally; it has a kid mode with great parental settings and an option to pay $2.99 a month for tons of awesome content!
I personally have 3 of these in my home and we love them. I love the fact that I can set restrictions for my kids. Great product
Purchased for one of my granddaughters and she loves it. The price was right and it works great.
Its great to use for you're everyday work and recreation
I didn't want to spend a fortune on something, I just needed a quality tablet to read my books, check email, play on Pinterest and Twitter, etc. This price is phenomenal for the quality. I actually bought one as a gift a few weeks later.
I have purchased the cheaper tablets. They never last. I purchased this for my brother who is never in one place long. He is able to stay connected and enjoys carrying this tablet everywhere.
My daughter love it so much and she love caring it around with her
For the cost of this tablet it is amazing. You can upgrade the storage via a microSD card so you won't run out of room. The Amazon version of android is easy to navigate and if you have a prime membership can't be beat.
I purchased 2 I share one with 2 small children also purchased an SD card games shows movies books galore the expandable memory is the best
I was just looking for a tablet that wasn't expensive and had good quality graphics and I was please with my purchase.
Needed something to use when out and about and this was perfect
Got two of these for the grandkids, they just love them. We also have a Kindle Fire. We use these for reading, playing games, etc.
I purchased this for my brother in law who just needed something to surf the web. Set up was easy and he was on the internet within minutes of unboxing.
I bought this for my daughter and it was worth it. Everything works well. Camera is good. My daughter watches her shows without problems.
I bought twos when this tablet on sale, reinstalled the Android Open Source Project, and turned the tablet into a smooth-running, battery-efficient tablet without any bloatware. Very happy with the purchase.
I love it , I use it everyday with my grandkids for homework
Fast processing , Large app store, fast charge,High quality picture. Quality of tablet housing durable. My son loves it putchased as a bday gift. At a wonderful price under $40.00 while on sale
This item was purchased for seniors to keep them up to date with what is on the internet without the expense of a laptop. they love it and the ease of operation,.
Bought for Grandchildren, they loved it. We downloaded videos from vacation for them.
Flashed CM 12 runs great. Runs all the regular android apps and got rid of the amazon skin
love it, great hd, smooth streaming with sd card--I've bought 3 as gifts and one for myself I like them so much
A great and a very affordable tablet. Very compact and i love it.
Everything you need to surf the web, watch videos and take care of business. . .all in the palm of your hand.
The screen resolution isn't the best but it's great for the price. Does everything you need from a tablet. Some components like cameras aren't great but all in all its one darn good tablet
Although it's an inexpensive tablet it packs a lot of stuff! It will do just about anything you want with great speed. Don't hesitate to buy this!
We liked this product a lot! Web surfing and Skype is great
I got this device for my younger ones and honestly they enjoying the device. I love the screen resolution I'm happy they like it . Thanks Best Buy !!
Device is very simple but well worth the money. Making it a great value.
love the fire 7, perfect size, very light, i have it with me all the time.
I love my kindle. Silk is a fast and easy way to access the webI can read books on my kindle anywhere once I download them to my kindle. I have over 300 books on the Cloud. It holds a charge for days when idle. Downside. Hard to read outside due to glare
I got this as a Deal of the Day for use as an utility tablet. It has good performance and a great display. It's very good as a reader.
I bought 2 fires for older friends. 55-60 years old. They run jw library app on it. It has never given them any problems. I used the tablets before I gave them to my friends and they seemed reliable and plenty fast. A nice simple tablet, and the best price. A good intro to a tablet
Bought this for niece amd nephews. Was easy to set up and they loved it!!
I just wanted something to carry in my purse for not a lot of money. This is perfect. Just jump on wifi and check emails or keep up with my books.
Already had one and I love it so I purchased another one.
I am pretty impressed with this Amazon Fire tablet.I've had many iPads over the years, currently have an iPad Air 2, and this Fire tablet is very nice.Great screen, very responsive, lots of options, reliable wifi.I can't believe this thing only costs 50 bucks!This may replace my iPad.
Gotten for my granddaughter and she uses it all the time. Other than having to charge so much because of frequent use, there have been no problems with it. Good purchase!
I have had a nook for years and had a difficult time switching over to kindle despite the amazing reviews, but I couldn't pass up the price of this product. I was very pleasantly surprised with how great it is and I now use it all the time. I'm even thinking about getting my toddler one for christmas.
My friends kids loved them. Perfect for kids 6 and up. Would def. recommend
I am in love with the tablet. It is a perfect tablet for me to use at home and on the road for basic internet tasks. I am able to download apps and also use it as a reader. I love it!
Great tablet for anyone. works perfect. of course I would rather have a 10" but for the price this works great
This is an amazing product doesn't matter if u buy for a kid or an adult either one will absolutely love it I have 2 !!! Totally recommend it
Bought an Amazon Fire Reader and it is great. I am able to read books and take it wherever I go.
This 7 inch tablet has just enough power to let you do your daily tasks, it's touchscreen is fantastic with a decent display resolution. It will give you everything that you will need from a good tablet. The only downside is the camera. I wish the front camera should have been of attest of one mega pixel.
It's a great tablet for the price... my kids love it...great parental controls
Bought for husband's grandmother. Works great for her, she has not called for help after setting it up with her:)
My son liked it very much. He's able to read a lot of books online now.
All I've used this tablet is for books and it's great for it.
This tablet has been a huge lifesaver. Not only do I have movies for my son on my tablet but I also have my games and his games so it keeps the whole family happy. It's super user-friendly so even my one year old can figure it out. Connecting to Wi-Fi is super simple and it has amazing features. The speakers on it are amazing. I catch things in the movies we watch more on this tablet than I do on my own TV. All around family friendly tablet.
it's a bit small but it has a nice amount of space
Love the tablet. It's easy to watch your favorite shows
My granddaughter loves this. It is perfect for her to play her games and entertain herself for a long time.
It washer, it vacuums and it dries the floor in one easy touch.
Love this size. It fits in my purse perfect. Love all the features it offers. The price was the best part.
Love this product ! It is an awesome deviceThank you for selling this at a good price
Good value has all functions needed and good screen size
I saw that Best Buy had a great deal on this and I was looking for a smaller sized tablet for all the Kindle books I have bought or ordered. The item shipped pretty quickly and I did have issues setting it up but once I got through that I fell in love. I quickly downloaded my books to the Kindle and surfed online with ease. This was a great deal!
I got this for my kids and they love it its not slow very fast easy to use user friendly
Bought it for my son as a replacement for his damaged tablet. What a great deal this is. I reccomend it fully.
It is amazing that a quality tablet is this reasonable. I got a special price, but, even at $50, it's a deal. The down sides, not enough to rate it low, would be the apps are not Play Store, though the OS is android based. You may not find certain apps you want, but, there are many in the Amazon store to choose from. Also, the screen savers are ads, but you can pay $15 and Amazon will take them off.
Seriously awesome tablet for the price. Lots of additional apps to make this an awesome buy
the amazon fire tablet is a fantastic deal for the price. the amazon app store is great and this tablet has speed and a great screen for the price point you can't go wrong
Bought this for my daughter to play learning games on and to watch movies on in the car. It is great!!! It was easy to setup a kids account so I could limit what she had access too, and I got to pick what she could see! Great features for all the family!
I would recommend this tablet for parens. My kids love this tablet.
Great price for an awesome tablet. Awesome tablet to read my books.
Integration with Family library a bit tricky in case you have some books kiddos should not see (ahem, 50 Shades....) but the device is a reliable winner! No complaints and 3000+ pages read later there are 2 boys who rediscovered reading.
such a very good tablet, with great apps and very easy to use. bought for an 11 year old grandson who is very happy with it.
I am very happy to buy this product it's of vey less price and really useful for kids to learn new things
I purchased this on sale for about $38.Worth every penny and more! Not only do my regular Kindle books look awesome backlit but now I can by or checkout from the online library comics and graphic novels as well as tv episodes and movies. It looks great and (after a year or so) I will be ready to upgrade to HD.
This item is light downloads come in fast , built great and has a lot of bells and whistles too . Great for beginners and kids .
Many features this tablet has and is a great price!
Great item. Price was good. Very happy with my purchase.
Small, portable, light and fun to use. It charged fast
Unbelievably good value when I bought one at a discounted sale price, but well worth the usual Best Buy price of USD$50. Simplicity itself, particularly if you have used Android previously. Although restricted to the Amazon environment and App store, I still found all the free apps I could ever need, and the tablet appears to be very reliable compared to my aging nexus.
Great customer service. Very fast and accurate. I appreciate all the help.
Great price for a good product. So far so good and no issues. Wish they had more apps, but great nonetheless. Great for gifts for family members.
My son absolutely loved the 7" tablet. Wasn't too big or small. Perfect!
This tablet is not going to be a flagship tablet. Considering you're paying about 10% of the price of an iPad, this does more than 10% of what an iPad can do. Netflix, browsing, emails all work great! Can't complain.
This is the third Vizio TV I've had, all still working, even after nine years of almost continuous service
extra tablet for the price well worth it using it for everyday extras ..eg weather app , face book, kindle,
It's not a high end tablet, but it is great for ebooks and light gaming. Great battery life too
The best tablet . Better the Samsung . I have had 3 samsungs tablets and they all sucked and broke fast
This little tablet is marvelous! I do not have a smart phone and this slips effortlessly in my handbag to be scanned at a store etc.. It's quick to respond and I can't say enough about it.
This is an absolute life saver for small children.
This tablet is great, nice size and functionality.
My kids love it.they always come home and run to it .they on it into it's bed time
Great tablet my son loves it and everything about it. He loves playing the games and this tablet is very very fast!
I purchased this Kindle for my husband, as a gift. I can't believe how fast it is.
I love the amazon fire tablet. It's great for me when I'm going back and forth between home work and school!
I have had one for about six months now an it's amazing so I had to buy another one for my baby girl an she love it also...
Very clear HD video..love it and at a wonderful price
Great starter tablet takes great pics and the screen is a great size to start off with when first using a tablet
I am so happy with the Kindlefire. I bought the first generation Kindlefire & I was happy with it. When I bought this new Kindlefire I was happily & surprised at how much better this version is. I use the Kindlefire mainly for watching movies & reading books. So.happy with it :)
The Amazon Fire 7 Tablet is a great device for kids to play games and watch movies on line. Good parental controls.
Bought this tablet last year and is still working fine! Definitely not an iPad but does a lot of things that an iPad can do! Would purchase this product again.
OMG! This product is awesome. I never knew my children can be so quiet when they are playing or reading a book on this device. I love it and it makes them not want to play with your phone anymorte bc what thy find on your phone, they can find on this device. Thank you for this.They have learned a lot already and still learning. Recommended it to all my freinds with children already. Great for the price!
I have 2 of these one for each one of my kids I love it for kids the instead of buying something so expensive I chose this and the geek squad protection is awesome my son cracked the screen and they where just amazing and replaced it with a brand new one
My niece is using this for her college, great for kids use in college, very versatile.
I was looking for an affordable tablet for my kid. This was a great buy.
I bought one of these in December as an inexpensive back up for an iPad. I sincerely believe that the Fire 7" tablet is the best bargain I have ever had in an electronic device. I now gift these to my elderly friends who need a simple internet connector.
I bought it for my grandchildren and they are happy
I love this tablet and like quality of the picture and clarity of the screen
I bought this for my aunt to play games and be able to use Facebook. She loves how easy it was to setup and use.
I loved this tablet Has games and is super fast. Great tablet
Love the product it does good for what my children need it to do.
I bought for my son, and He love it, He is 8 years old
Great product and my tablet was delivered to my home within the dates promised. Process was very easy and had very knowledgeable staff who helped me.
Excellent love it works great love design..wonderful
Me and the kids love it very user friendly and a fair price
This tablet is great for on the go. A good size for reading, game playing, and web surfing.
Great little tablet to do what I need. I mostly just surf the web and definitely use it for Netflix and Amazon prime. Big enough to be comfortable and just relaxing watching your shows
The 7" amazon fire tablet has came along way since the kindle version. This is a full android tablet loaded with many great features. Price range makes it excellent for kids too.
this is a very good product and is the better in the market thanks
bought this for the Grandkids they tell me it is great
I love my Fire because it's so easy to buy\\review books, movies on plus shopping is a breeze, as well as downloading apps. I would'nt give mine up for the world.
This is a nice tablet for its price and size. Thanks!
Nice easy to use Tablet for a good price..........
Most tablets in this price range have the quality to show for it. That is not the case with this unit.While only $50, it feels more sturdy and acts more responsive and capable than other bargain tablets that fit into the same price range.The amazon app store has a lot of great options and the popular apps you would expect from apple or Googles app stores. The only downside is the navigation. Even then, it is only a personal problem as I am used to Google play.All in all, this is a great tablet at an even greater price!
This is a great product. Suitable for all ages. I love using this because of the I find something new everytime I use this. I would grade this an a plus.
I find the amazon fire to be just what I was looking for especially to take with me when traveling. It has great features and is easy to use.
For the money, you really can't do much better in the tablet department. Quick, responsive and does everything you want it to do. Highly recommended
Bought this for my twelve year old grandson to replace his two year old Kindle Fire. He loved the blue color and said it was like his friends mini pad.
love the improvements they made on this fire kindle.
This tablet is a great value for the price point. Great functionality and value.
I like this tablet, great features and functionality for a good price.
I bought this tablet for my dad who is not tech savvy what so ever. Great tablet for a beginner.
Great tablet for kids my son liked and easy to play with
For the price, these are perfect for young or old. Compared to other brands these are comparable if not better!!!
Was waited on pretty fast. Shown what I needed and explained the features and warranty. All in all a great experience
This was a great buy it does everything a laptop or desk top without the big bulk.
This is an excellent price for the Amazon Fire 7 Tab, I highly recommend to product!
I bought this tablet originally for my kids but I loved it so much I had to purchase one for myself. Love it!!
We bought this for our teenage grandson, who uses it for games, internet, and friend chat. Works great, and the price didn't break the bank.
This tablet is a steal if you get the chance to pick one up and you need s good reliable basic tablet this be the one. Don't walk, run to Best Buy to pick it up.
I already have kindle 7 hdx love it. So I got this cheaper one for my son. He uses it to watch movies etc. Works great.
A very easy to use device. I don't need anything bigger. Just right for my needs. Price point is excellent.
I bought this for my grandma so she could use it in church to read the Bible. She loves it!
Great tablet! My niece and nephew love it. It is a great product for the price and I would recommend to anyone looking for a great and affordable tablet.
This is the 4th one I have bought 3 for my kids and 1 for my 1 wife. They all love them they are perfect and for a amazing price.
Bought this item for my grandson and now we both used it. Bright screen, good wifi connection and memory expandable.
Great tablet for the kids, and very reasonable price
Works great! Easy to setup and has great parental controls.
I purchased a blue and orange one for each of my twin boys. Their bday is on Aug 22. I have not yet gave them the kindle. But I downloading quite a few games before giving it to them. The graphics are amazing. If all goes well i'm thinking about buying the purple one for myself.
I bought this tablet for my daughters birthday, and she loves it. Reliable, and easy to use. May buy Another one for my wife.
I love using to check my e-mails, go facebook, trying to figure how to use the camera. Once I do I'll start using it.
I was replacing a first generation kindle. I love the slim size and the improved access to the internet, amazon underground and my library. The ads do not bother me once I open my kindle
Purchased this tablet at a great price! This tablet works very well within the amazon ecosystem, so it is best geared towards those with amazon prime. It has micro sd card slot which is a plus.
This is a good tablet option for the price. It works well and is a good reader
This is the best Fire they have come out with so far.
Bought this for my daughter (7 yrs), and ended up getting a second one for my son. I do wish Best Buy sold the kid-proof cases, but meh.The tablet is quick, the memory is expandable as well, which is what keeps me from anything iWhatever. Throw a 64GB card in this and your kid can make videos on Musical.ly all dang day and become a YouTube sensation (still waiting on that check).PARENTAL NOTE: If you go this route, take advantage of Amazon's FreeTime. It's fantastic, customizable, safe and easy to stay hands-off. I use it with both tablets with both kids. Time limits, no questionable content (depending on what you call questionable; i hate KidzBop) and excellent apps, etc included.Tablet is more than powerful enough for adulting, too, so if you despise kids, you can still enjoy your lonely, hollow, selfish existence with this outstanding tablet.
I bought on sale for $35. My sister recommended Kindle tablets because of the text to speech feature. Some kindle ebooks have a text to speech feature. You can start reading at home then turn on text to speech fir when you are in the car stuck in traffic. We have a prime membership and you can save Amazon videos to watch offline. I haven't tried this yet but sounds great for plane or bus travel. You camn download the Overdrive app directly for free books, audio books,and video. I plan to download the Nook app so I can read Overdrive magazines and my Nook books. Micro sd slot for additional storage. Only mono sound which is fine for what I want to use it for. Cheap enough that I'll let the grandkids use it.
My kids love their kindle. Its the perfect tablet for adults and kids to share.
Bought it as a birthday present for my son and he loves it. Easy to use and works fast.
I bought the Fire for myself and it is user friendly. We put some games on it about 1 yr later for my daughter and she actually can navigate it pretty good. So we bought her her own Fire which she is proud to be able to listen to music and play simple games.
My grandson is really enjoying this product and it is standing up well to his use
This is a very good tablet to have for reading or playing games.
Great tablet for kids! Both of my children love it!
Wanted a small kindle to read books and keep kids busy with games while on vacation. Great price and size. Small enough to carry in your purse or even pocket.
Great tablet for price. Highly recommended, quick and easy to use.
It's a great tablet for a beginner or for anyone that has or had a sumsung phone : }
Excellent for small task and gaming for all ages .
The kindle is great! Great product and great price.
This is a great tablet for my young son, he is able to order books for school. He plays games and he is able to go onto youtube for the fraction of an Ipad. It is great!!!
Good tablet for the price works like it should with good battery life
I purchased this for my 7yr old who loves reading but also loves the apps and games available. This has a fast load time and I recommend a SD card to go with it. We needed it after a few days of downloading books and apps.
Grandkids love it! It's very easy for them to use. They enjoy reading and playing games!!!
I am not a savvy table user. I actually don't like tablets to start with. I prefer my convertible Windows 10 laptop but there is a Bible app called youversion that is very useful to me and my iPhone screen is too small and my laptop is too big to carry to Church so this tablet is perfect for me. Coupled with a leather case it is easier to hold and enjoyable to use. I got it on sale from Best Buy for $33 + tax. It is a great deal at this incredible price.
The product is good and easy to operate. I guarantee that you won't regret buying it.
Easy to use and great for the kids. Lightweight and easy to travel with.
Great tablet and very easy to use. Also good battery life.
This kindle fire 5th generation 7inches is a very good product.it works well.and best buy customer service was so helpful.
This item is ideal for kids to play games and a whole lot more.,my hubby even have one and he enjoys his and I love the picture quality.
I gave this Fire 7" tablet five stars because of the price and quality. You won't find another for the price with so many good features. I purchased it primarily for reading books from Amazon and my library. The screen is excellent. This tablet can enlarge the size for best reading comfort. The sound is very good and it's best when connecting to a set of speakers. There's an advertisement when first logging on, which is not too annoying, (to pay $15 to remove). It's great for beginners and anyone who wants a light, compact tablet to carry around. I also have a 10" Samsung, but this was difficult and heavy to hold while reading. I also purchased a case to protect the Fire 7". It makes holding the tablet easier. I can't say enough good things about this tablet. The screen, sound and speed while browsing the internet are very good These were most important to me. I highly recommend the Amazon Fire 7" Tablet.
This tablet is great for beginners like myself, I haven't done much more than check emails and read articles but there is more to learn and do
kids love the tablet & the picture quality is good
Its a great worth of the money spent on it. Good for reading
This is a great tablet for what it costs. I mostly just surf the web on it a bit but I also watch netflix and espn type streaming apps sometimes and it works great for that too.
This was a great tablet for a child and even adults.
I love my Kindle. I like the fact that I can read books or go onto the Internet to look up my news. Definitely can not beat the low price for everything it does.
Love having the Amazon Fire, are able to download apps, watch videos from Amazon Prime, and it includes profiles so kids can have access to it as well. Highly recommend!
We love this tablet and I bought it for my 4 year old granddaughter. She's able to use it with no problems.
Good tablet for browsing, watching videos and playing games.Totally worth the price.
I bought the Amazon Fire for my daughter for her 8th birthday. It was decently priced. I can set parental settings and a curfew. I have to confirm what she wants to download. She loves it and plays games, listens to music, and reads books on it.
This tablet is mainly use for my children I highly recommend it
Great value for the price. The kid loves it and compact so it travels well.
It's a little different than most android devices but compatible with them. It was a very small (tiny) learning curve but if you are like me and using Amazon services like Kindle, Music, Audible or Prime then obviously the Amazon Kindle Fire was MADE with you in mind. Amazon Underground is great for kids as it's offering games that are otherwise paid or have in app purchases for the incredible price of absolutely free. It is amazing I don't know how they do that. I have a collection of games that would have cost me hundreds on my ipad. And there is the problem. You are going to have to buy one of these for you kids when they find out. Or you can install Amazon Underground on their own Android device.
Bought this for my husband primarily so he could get the Wall Street Journal. It works great and he loves that it holds a charge, nice size, durable, great resolution, etc. it turned out to be a great gift!
Love it. Use it everyday, and enjoy the books I have read on it.
My kid loves her new "phone" as she calls it. Clear picture and it is fast as well. Great item for the money!
we have had kindle for a while in our family so it just seemed natural to stick with it for my grandson's birthday gift.
My son loves the kindle we got for him. It's perfect for the little guys to watch Netflix on.
I purchased three of these tablets to give away at work. So, while I don't have any firsthand experience, I have asked my team how they liked them.It uses the Amazon app store (of course), which is fine but doesn't even compare to the Google Play store. Even though, there are a lot of options and most big apps (Netflix, hulu, etc.) are all supported.There is also removable storage. It is very nice to be able to add a memory card to expand your memory. This is a feature a lot of tablets stopped offering.All in all, these tablets are in expensive but more reliable and sturdy than other knock off tablets from different brands. Amazon made a great bargain tablet.
cant beat this tablet for 50 bucks great present for anyone
Bought this "cheap" tablet not expecting much. This thing blows away many of the more expensive android tablets. The Amazon system within the android system works great and filters out many of the android bugs that plague most tablets. Perfect for kids and the "I just want it to work" crowd.
I've purchased 3 tablets so far as gifts.I've gotten great feedback on all purchases. The price was affordable and easy to operate for 2 eight year olds.
Good Tablet for Kids, easy to operate and to handle.
For the price is the go to android tablet. And for a kid is the best first time tablet for sure
A well worth it purchase. No complaints. Couldn't be happier.
Bought it for 2nd twin's BD (age 14), after he requested one. He has broken a screen to a different PAD; it slipped out of the car on to the ground, when he opened the door. He said, "I wouldn't do it--but I am sure that it wouldn't break, if I threw it down on the ground" just as the packaging said!
For the price, they are highly functional. Bought one for one grandson--his twin didn't think that was what he wanted for his BD, but a week later requested one1
Kindles are great as long as your not expecting a tablet that's top of the line. So far no problems.
Bought this for my daughter, she loves it. Works great. She's dropped it several times and it just keeps on working! No issues at all.
Great product and works very well with no buffering on wifi.
Love it love it love it love it love it love it love it
I love my tablet it is great for reading books and also playing games
I purchased these as door prizes and they are always loved to those who win!
Bought these for my kids and wife. Kids love it and wife like sit as well. Wish it had Google play store though.
I think my Aunt likes her new toy. It is Amazing how technology marches on. This unit is perfect as an introduction to the tablet for people. Even if you have other tablets this is a wonderful addition because you can take it with you as if it's a throwaway. It has the slot to expand memory and the headphone jack has plenty of power and quality sound. It supports Bluetooth audio also. Any gadget freak should add this to their collection.
It was for my nephew for his birthday and he loved it. So that's my review. If you decide to buy a Amazon Fire for someone's birthday or Christmas they will love it.
everyone has enjoyed this item. Great fun for the whole family.
easy to use, best value for the price, and i would recommend this product to everybody
I have a kindle myself and love it so wanted to purchase one for my grandson's birthday. He's 11 yrs old and he loves it.
I was very shock how fast this tablet is. It's just the right size and speed; the performance is better than most of the tablets in this price range. Go and get one.....its perfect for the young ones.
excellent, good to handle easy for ant teenage to used
This is a simple tablet and easy to use. I would buy it again.
The only drawback is that this tablet does not have access to all apps. Other than that it is a great product.
The kindle fire is such a great tablet with alot of different apps and so easy to use.
Cool item for a great price! Purchased when on sale so was like $39.99! Great little tablet!
Great tablet, my son loves it. Great resolution. I might get a second one for my daughter.
For the money best Bang for your buck....Really great if you subscribe to amazon prime.
Picked this up for a birthday present. Had previously purchased one for myself. This is the perfect tablet for any age. The Google Play store can also be sideloaded.
This is a great alternative to an iPad especially for the price!! I would definitely recommend!!
Excellent price. Functions well. Added memory card for additional storage. Wonderful purchase for use as both reader and tablet!
I am very happy with this purchase. The price and quality of the product is very good.
Awesome tablet for kids, they love it. Would recommend it to anyone
Perfect tablet for kids, they love it, easy to use
Bought these for my kids worth every penny!! With the micro Sd slot I was able to fill it with movie upon movie for a 1000 mile road trip, these were a god send for the kids
It's a very nice tablet. Still learning how to use it. Always something new to learn on this tablet
I bought this for my granddaughter because it was small enough to be carried around, big enough for her to read books on and her favorite color.It is sturdy in case she drops it. She is very happy with it and uses it all the time. Plus it was on sale and I got it for the same price as a black one. Normally Blue costs more. Don't know why but that is the story.
Great tablet for reading. bought it as a gift for a middle schooler to enhance reading skills. They love it.
My son and my daughter is very happy they play nice games
My granddaughter bought my first Kindle Fire for me. After that, I bought one for my husband and one for my friend. They are great!
Did not need a large tablet,just something to use in my spare time.Has all the features I need,from books to games and can also axcess my emails.The price was very good(under $50).
This is great for family use. For the price it was great. I can leave it out,and the children LOVE it. The TV is very lonely now.
I purchased two for my nephew and niece. They love it. My little nephew is having lots of fun taking pictures. Great tablet and affordable price.
Has kid timers to limit your child's time using the tablet. Fun camera for kids with "stickers". My kids love it!
I am satisfied with my tablet. I bought three of them for my grandchildren for christmas. I like the games and reading. And I really like the parental feature on it especially how things are in the world of the internet. Its always good to know that someone else is watching your back!
Very happy with this product. I was all we expected it to be
I love this tablet. I store all my kindle books on it. I also set it up for my 4 year old grandson to play on it.
It was a nice gift to give for the price.the person looked it to add to rest of Amazon products.
Works well, especially when its given for a gift for someone for the holidays.
Purchased for my 6 year old he loves it works great
I like this tablet. I am still figuring out some of the options available on it.
Good for kids and parents great products hope to get mote
Bought this for my granddaughter's Christmas present and she loved it.
We purchased these for our twin 4 yr olds. These are working out great for them.
Easy to use. Good value. Buying experience was typical for Best Buy - helpful and knowledgable staff made buying experience easy and was able to purchase with confidence for application intended.
Great the product is upto the mark kids will love it
Excelent tablet for kids, easy to use and good parental protection
This was a Christmas gift for a family member. He absolutely loved it!
I own a larger Kindle but find it hard to just throw in my purse or travel with. This was a great price & perfect size. My granddaughter even got to use it to watch Netflix on while confined to bed after surgery. Very pleased with my purchase.
Got this for my children and grandchildren to give my mom. She thinks she needs an electronic device like all the kids have, so this was perfect. She can play games and have email and the kids help her with books and videos. Perfect for grandma
I love this device, what I like is the parental controls with the apps that kids want to explore and download it could be dangerous, but its not. Also this has the capability of having a 128 gb memory card. With the features of Amazon that means access to underground games and the ability to download shows and movies. This is a great product for beginners and the advanced.
Easy to get on and use to work Amazon Fire tv as well as to surf the web.
a great deal for a good product. very compact yet easy to view screen, and user friendly.
With the capability of apps and other things, my kids don't even touch my computer, this thing does everything.
I love that I can set time limites for my 5 yr old.
This is a great tablet ! I got it on sale around Thanksgiving and it was worth it.
I love this! I use it for my crochet patterns as well as my books!
Bought this tablet for my son to replace his older kindle fire. Works great!
Purchased for kids. It is easy for them to use it. They love the apps. Great parental controls.
We bought this for our teenage son. It's easy to use and he loves it. We ended up purchasing another for our 7 year old daughter.
Got this tablet for my 7yr old for Christmas and she loves it. It very simple to use for children and I love playing on it too.
Great price for an introductory tablet. Bought for my brother in law who is not tech savvy. He has loved it. Easy to use.
Bought it for my 5 yr old grand daughter and she absolutely loves it! The Kidzobe package is the best
Great tablet. Easy to read the screen, fast. Great price.
Amazon makes great products it's that simple ,clean graphics
Easy to use, pages load fast, I use it for e-books.
Got this for Black Friday and the price was awesome, great for kids, easy to use and battery life is good! Nice charger and screen resolution is great. Great tablet overall
I bought this tablet for my wife. The tablet is easy to setup, not very bulky. This is a tablet for casual use and not for any serious use. Simple interface and easy to use, great product as the first tablet.
Awesome! Unbeatable price! You can buy books and stuff! Magazines, games or whatever! Keeps my wife quiet for hours! Thank you Amazon!!!!
I just love being able to read at night and not worrying I've lost my place if I fall asleep
I Love it! It is easy for anyone to use. Easy to transport, too.
I really enjoy the amazon tablet for paying my bills online and looking up recipes.
Great tablet for the price, easy to use, small enough to fit in my pocket book when traveling, it basically replaced my samsung.
Was told by family fire tablet. was best had opportunity to play with one went. Immediately to purchase one,then to find out it was on sale I was happy. February I will purchase Comcast or Netflix for. Birthday. From Best buy
Still feeling my way, but if I have any more question will check with the geek squad.
I purchased this for my fiancee for her Christmas present and she loves it. It's got great picture quality, excellent audio and great response/reaction time!
Perfect gift for my mother and mother in law. Easy to use wonderful graphicsAwesome tablet
We bought this for our youngest 2 now our oldest 2 wants one! What's great is the price and you can expand it from 8gb up to 128gb I believe!
great item for easy parental control... good size nice sounding speakers easy to use. but in a case asap!!! i bought more than one thank goodness... this item n the floor are not friends lol
Great tablet, apps are in Amazon's app store, works great !when I initially downloaded software, I received a virus which I, managedto load my antivirus, but just barely since using the keypad was difficultwith the virus (iiicandy virus), but running the software A/V I managed to remove it... Have Kaspersky A/V for android...
Great for watching movies, videos. Playing games. Shopping on Amazon. It's small enough for travel easy to set up and the price was very affordable.
I bought these for my young grandchildren (5 & 7) and they love them. They love to take pictures and make videos. They also play games on them. The battery life lasts for a long time also.
Bought this tablet for my husband for Christmas and it is great. Easy to use and just what he was wanting.
I purchased 2 to give to my daughters for Christmas. They really enjoy them. They were easy to set up and they are easy to read on.
My grandchildren love their tablets.they are easy to use.
Picked this up for my wife, Wanted a spare tablet for watching some random shows and do some book rentals/reading from Amazon. $49.99 is a price that can't be beat, wish i would of picked it up on Black Friday as it was only $34.99.The Tablet has a single speaker, its loud enough for sitting in bed or in a room, also has a 3.5mm standard headphone jack to plug in headphones, or use Bluetooth.Screen resolution is very good for a budget 7" screen. Nothing high def (HD) but for the screen size it is very good. If you come from a higher end Android or iPad, you may be disappointed at first with the screen, however you need to realize where this tablet sits on the Tablet Echelon, its entry level for both Amazon and the entire tablet line for all tablets....its a $50 tablet that runs almost everything.Fire OS is very similar to Android OS, extremely simple and easy to use. You CAN make multiple logins on this device so kids have their own screen and apps, or make a guest account to be able to pass the Fire Tab to another person without having access to your information. Perfect for sharing.Battery life is great, lasts about 3 days with moderate use (email and web surfing with brightness on 100%)8GB internal memory isn't enough for more than 1 or 2 books and a few apps, highly recommend getting a 32GB micro SD card to expand the storage.It does come with unlimited Amazon Cloud storage for photos and music. Camera on the Fire Tab is good for well lit areas, no flash on the camera, but you can snap away photos and auto upload/backup to your amazon cloud drive. Also comes with a trial of Amazon PRIME.Would definitely buy again.
I bought this Black Friday for an exceptional deal and my son loves it!
great price on a tablet. Plus have always had great success with kindle.
Great for my 8 year old she loves it. She got it for christmas and plays with it everyday.
This tablet is amazing works really good ...........
Bought this as a Christmas gift for our daughter. Has easy app uploading and web browsing. Kid friendly.
I bought two Amazon Fire tablets for my two boys. They love it. It is so easy for them. Great for netflix and app games. And its fast.
I bought a couple of these for gifts for the wife & kids. They're great to use around the house while connected to WiFi.
Bought two for the kids at Christmas, they love them!
Convenient, functional, practical device! I loved this product!
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! It's so perfect for kids! Love that we can read books on them and I love the child lock lol! She loves the games too! Perfect for my girl!
Such a great deal for a great product!!!! My 69 year old mother loves this!!!
This was a wonderful gift for my grand child ..parental control is wonderful option
Tablet is great for my 7 and 14 year old. They love it.
Great tablet for the price. Easy for kids to use & great parental controls. Good educational apps & books for students. Worth the purchase.
I love this product for my 7 year old. Its fast and has parental controls. Great product for an amazing price.
This fire was easy to set up and easy to use for emails and Internet .
Yes, it does what I need and does it pretty well. I like the extra storage capacity, because I use it to store photos, a portable portfolio. I like the size, smaller and easier to carry than a tablet device. It is my second one. I use both units, the older one just does not have the storage capacity.
I recently purchased this product for my grandmother. She sees the text much better and the operating system is very smooth.
My grandkids loved getting their own tablets for Christmas
Ok several good features, just wish camera was better
Great tablet I love it and does what I wanted to do and that's it
Christmas gift! They were very excited. Think they are working very well.
Perfect first kindle easy to useeasy for kids!!!
I got this tablet as a Christmas gift for my wife. She has really enjoyed using it. I get tickle at her playing games on it. You got to remember she is 65 years young! :-)
Works well for children. It is user friendly and easy to use.
It is easy to use and very handy,light. I got it for my mom.
I bought this Kindle as a gift for my 9 year old grand daughter. I have one of my own and absolutely love it. I read books, surf the web and also read all my personal emails with it. Great product for a great price! And so easy to use.
I bought this for my gran as a Christmas gift. She plays games on it all day, checks her Facebook and loves it. Super easy to use. If she can anyone can.
We bought 3 fire tablets for Christmas. The kids loved them. It was a perfect gift to give.
Got it for my son. He loves everything about it & likes that it even fits in most of his jean pockets.
Makes reading books easier. I love it! User friendly too!
My kids love the kindle. It was their favorite Christmas present.
I bought this tablet for my young grandchildren and they just love it. It is very easy for them to use and can be given a child profile.
We had 1 fire tablet and we bought 2 more as gifts. We truly love these tablets. Very great purchase. Easy setup and use
Got it for Christmas and he loved it! Great for beginners.
This little treasure was found on Black Friday. Just what I needed as I had lost my old one. Great resolution on videos and easy on eyes for reading.
I bought this Amazon Fire tablet for my daughter and she loves it. It has good screen resolution and you can increase memory by inserting a micro sd card.
Bought 2 for the kids so they can read and play games. I have bought other tablets under $100 and this one, in my opinion, is the best one for the price.
I purchased 7 of these tablets on black friday. We have enjoyed them a lot. I was worried about the clarity of games, since they aren't hd. But, they are fantastic. Lots of free books, apps, games. Very happy with my purchase
Great price and value. Fast processing. Many games and user options available.
Good item and also good price. My son and I like this!!
We bought two of these Fire Tables online Black Friday. We loaded Google Play and then our Google accounts. I still can't believe they were only $35. One of the most exceptional buys for Christmas...or EVER. Very happy.
Love mine so Bought the grandkids once each for Christmas they love them. Good games, books and movies.
Love this little tablet. Price makes it easy to love.
Bought this for my son for Christmas. He loved it.
After going over all of the info on most all of the tablets on the market, I was having trouble deciding which one to get. But on Black Friday, for $35.00, for my first tablet, I was sold!
I use Amazon for everyday purchases and am a member of Amazon Prime. This tablet is extremely fast and seems to me to be very well built. I am now thinking about retiring my Nook Color that I have been using for a very long time.
I got this tablet for my cousin and she loved it.. My kids already had one so i knew she love it.. they are great for kids all ages my youngest got hers when she was 4 and she is 7 now and its still going lol.. she has dropped it and everything they are great tablets I have nothing bad to say about them..
This is a great tablet - especially for the price. We bought 10 of them and gave them for Christmas gifts for family members
Kids love these and use them not only as readers but as mini tablets. Great price very happy!
Dual cameras work great. Perfect compact size not too big or small. The best thing about the tablet is that you can add a sd card up to 128gb.
I prefer this kindle to the first one I purchased. I like that it's similar to a computer and I can see the colors and it's not monochromatic. its lightweight which is great also.
Was hoping the screen a little bigger, but over all great picture, easy to use
Very nice tablet. It does everything I need it to do
I I bought this tablet for my son he is very happy with it
This was a perfect fit for my in-laws. Their lack of knowledge with tech made this the perfect gift
Easy to use and lots of fun. Was easy to purchase.
Bought the tablet for my young nephews and they love it. This tablet is user friendly.
Great tablet at a very good price, it works for everyone in the house from downloading apps/games to reading.
This was a great Christmas present for my daughter!
Works great for what I need! It took a while to understand the motions but then I got it!
This is amazing. And who can beat the price. Features and apps work well as well as touch sensitivity
Bought for my 5 & 7 year olds. They love them. Easy to use. Highly recommend.
She loves it! Uses it for everything! She gets her homework done on it as well!
I am very happy with my new fire tablet. it is easy to use
Amazon Kindle pleased my lady !! She is very happy with the Kindle and with the GSP added im not worried about it crabbing out either.
Bought this for my husband to use for the internet instead of his smartphone. It is simple to use.
I recommend the Fire to all its teriffic and easy to operate it has a great battery I use it daily you would love it !!!!!!!!!!!
Love this tablet. I purchased one for my elderly mother and she is able to use it. Real easy set up and has many apps already ready to go when you turn it on.
Perfect tablet for beginners. Simple to use great color and perfect size.
It works great for a kids tablet and the best is that you could add extra memory to it by adding a SD card.
I bought this because of its great price as a gift. It is a great tablet for someone entering the tablet experience. It has so many features just like the more expensive choices. Happy with purchase especially since we can add a memory card too . To
This is a great product, great for teenagers to read and play.
Bought this as a Christmas present. It was excellent.
Me and my Boyfriend naught this for his niece so she could play games on it. She liked being able to have us download games to help her spell on it v
I bought this item for my husband for Christmas. We were wondering if he would really like it as he usually just likes to read actual books, but he immediately loved it. It's very user friendly and he has enjoyed getting to know all the ins and outs of it. It is a great way to read a book, but it has so many other uses too. I'm very glad I purchased this item. It's proven to be an excellent purchase.
I bought this tablet for my daughter and I love the parental control features! The tablet works wonderfully with excellent memory for storage!
I bought the Kindle Fire mostly for use as an MP3. As a Black Friday deal of only $24.99, couldn't beat it. So far, it is working great as an MP3. I was able to download songs and playlists from my computer. Purchasing games and books have also been easy.
My wife purchashed this. It will be perfect for traveling...read books...check e mail ..... surf the web.
I am loving this tablet. I bought it during the Black Friday special just to check it out. Ended up buying a second one for my 3 yr old. Now that I know how good they are, I would not hesitate to purchase one at full price. I use it daily for my email, games and web surfing. I have also listened to music, read a couple of books and watched videos. I will say that you do need to remember that it is a $50 tablet, so don't expect to get $200 worth of tablet! But keep your expectations realistic and you will not be disappointed.
Great tablet for reading and playing games. Graphics are great.
This is a great buy - and especially for the price. Use it every day. Screen is great, features good. Highly recommend it.
was skeptical about the small size but a few minutes of checking it out showed me that this is a great little tablet. gave as a gift and she loves it. portable and great display.
This is a great Kindle, super easy to set up and transfer info from old kindle
I purchased this for my 9 year old niece and she LOVES it. Very kid friendly.
Bought 2 of these for my grand children. 4 and 2. They love them.
This is a great product and a really good by for the price. Great buy at best buy.
I bought this for my 10 year old grandson and it was easy for him to learn and became his favorite Christmas present.
For all it can do at this price level is amazing. Makes great gift too
The Amazon tablet is great it's been working fine for me and I recommend it to anyone
Very easy to setup and I love the colored screen. Great for reading books or just surfing the web. You will not be disappointed.
This tablet comes with a camera and takes good pictures. It's light in weight which makes it great for reading. This tablet is fast.
This is a great starter tablet or tablet or kids. I bought one for myself and gave two as gifts. My daughter loves hers and uses it for homework, games, videos, and video chatting with my sister. I use mine to play games and web browse, as well as watch videos when I am waiting somewhere. I love the Amazon Music feature and use it to listen to music both in my car with the Bluetooth feature and my Bluetooth speaker system. I have Amazon Prime, so my experience has allowed me to get the most out of my tablet, but I cannot imagine using it without Prime. My only gripe is that devices on the same Prime account overlap content, which is a bit inconvenient when I am trying to keep my content separate from my daughter's. It is still a great buy and I am satisfied with my purchase.
Works great, easy to use and can easily be changed to Android.
I bought this for my mom who is a first time tablet user. It is easy to use and I love that fact that I did not spend a fortune to get her started!
This is my second kindle. I bought the original kindle when it came out and loved it! I upgraded to this newer version only because I dropped my old one and damaged the charger port. I'm extremely happy with the new version and use it daily.
We bought 3 of these for our kids and they love them. Nice prenatal features to limit use and restrict content in the Amazon eco system. Build quality seems good. Glad we choose these over the cheaper brand that was only a few bucks less.
The graphic display is vibrant and just the right size. It is easy to read and has great value for the price.
My grandkids love these tablets.They are easy for them and they are having a great time with them
Very good for in bed watching of Amazon Prime shows. Not as fast as other options, but excellent for the price.
I bought this as a Christmas present for my young nephew. Easy Wi-Fi set up and works great .
great tablet at a great price. easy to use. great screen quality
We got two of these tablets for my twins for Christmas and they are great. Using the parental controls plus the durability you cant beat the price. Also there have been not one issue with the tablet. Great inexpensive tablet for kids or anyone.
Great little device for traveling. Perfect for reading books & playing games on the go. Was priced great during the holidays
The amazon fire hd is really nice. Does everything I need it to
Amazon killed the tablet market by introducing this!! $50 for a high quality tablet. Needless to say, everyone got one for Christmas. Easy to use and great quality just a wierd packaging
I got these for my teenage daughters and they loved them.
I purchased for a 7 year old perfect buy. She loved it
Works great. Love the kid option. Easy to use. Power lasts longer than I thought.
I bought this for my grandma and she absolutely loves it! Very easy for her to figure things out and she is not tech savvy by any means! She loves reading books and getting on her Facebook so this was perfect for her!
Was a great Black Friday find I enjoy playing on it . It's easy to use
Expandable memory up to 128gb. Amazon kindle/prime benefits. Small portable options with stylish accessories from a name brand as opposed to some unknown Chinese alternative. I choose Amazon everyday of every week at this price point.
Purchased two for my twin girls and they love. Simple, they can download apps and watch videos. Only thing the chargers are working not only after a week.
Great tablet for books. Easy setup and easy to read.
Purchased two for my 9 year old girls. They love them and I love the fact that there are so many parental controls.
Crazy price for tablet. Was a great christmas gift.
for the price this is a solid win. Nothing beats this tablet for the price you are paying. a steal of a device.
This was a perfect gift for my son for Christmas of 2015
This is the best tablet ever! Great price and quality! I definitely recommend everyone to get this tablet if you travel a lot or just for use casually around the house. At 49.99 price point, you can't beat that!
I bought this for my 9 year olds birthday. He loves it. Not too fancy, but gets the job done for him.
I came in to Best Buy to get a game for my BF and ended up walking out with this for only $35! I always wanted one and am very happy with my purchase!
Great for browsing, streaming and everyday web usage
Best recommendation for a tablet that does everything you need it to do. Expandable memory is a great upgrade to the Fire!
I purchased two of these tablets and I absolutely love them! Super "snappy" with response time with hardly and lag. Easy to charge as well as install any apps you may want. Streams videos very well and for the price point it's a great buy. Highly recommended!
I always buy iPads because I am an Apple fanboy, but these tablets (I bought several) have been great for the price and for what I want them for and that is to entertain kids at my business. These are much more affordable than iPads if your just playing games on them.
Great product for the price. Purchased this for a Christmas exchange and was the most popular item.
Very easy to use. price is great . Very fast . My grandkids use it by them self. Videos look very good
great tablet and very easy to use. very easy to grab and go
I received this as a gift and love it. It can do so many things I have to give it a 9/10!
I was very pleased with this not only is it a great tablet but a great price.
Not only was this on sale for an amazing price, but I love the parent controls on the Amazon Kindle!
perfect size; good graphics; app store is extensive!my parents are not tech savvy and they love this!
I am very happy with this tablet. It was an upgrade from the Kindle paperwhite. The screen is very sharp, and the tablet is very lite.
I bought this as a Christmas gift and he loved it.
got this a gift for a friend, she loved it and the things she can do with it.
I purchased two of these tablets for my children (6,3). The ease of use is fantastic and the parental controls are exactly what I was looking for. Great product.
I saw one of these before for myself and this is now great for my daughter.
This is an excellent product especially for the price
Bought this item on Black Friday and was going to give it as a gift but kept it for myself. Excellent value!
Got this as a gift for my grandmother and loaded it with games for her. Simple to use and easy for her once my son showed her the basics.
We bought 3 of these both our sons and our granddaughter LOVE then easy to operate so far no glitches sturdy and not so expensive I have to worry about the kids breaking them and not being able to replace
We purchased 3 of these tablets for all of our children. They are perfect for them with little worry that they will get destroyed. Still functional for everything they do on them.
Bought 4 of these on Thanksgiving Eve. With their price that night, they were an amazing gift for my daughter's Christmas gift exchange, a donation to a less fortunate family, and kept one for me. I can only speak for the one I kept, but it's a great little, easy to hold device for reading.
This tablet is a great buy at it's price point and is the perfect entry level tablet. The Kindle app is flawless and reading on the Fire is a pleasure!
Bought 2 for my nephews who are 2 & 3. Very user friendly even for them. A nice grow into tablet for an excellent price.
Although this tablet is slower than my iPad Air, it works great and keeps a charge all day! It is great value!
I bought this item as a gift, it is definitely worth what I paid for it, it is easy to navigate and has great picture quality, think I'll buy myself one
Good product. Can add apps to it. Sister loved it.
I bought this Amazon fire not for myself but for my cousin who lives in Mexico, he loves it I added movies/music and he said sound is great and it's perfect for school and for research
I am someone who swears by Apple products so I am skeptical when it comes to other names. I decided to get my son a extra tablet to use for kindle apps. I CAN SAY I LOVE THIS TABLET !! Great apps that are totally free, awesome battery life and sound is spectacular !! Buy this tablet you can't go wrong !! Going to purchase another one.
I bought this tablet for my grand daughter. She loves it! Her parents and I love the fact that she uses it to read books. Perfect!
Great buy for the price on Black Friday!!! My Daughter will be happy!
We bought these for our 6 and 7 yr old kids for Christmas. They use iPads at school and are used to working on a tablet. The fire has been an excellent choice for them. It is easy to navigate and user friendly.
Enjoyed this tablet. Easy to use, light weight to hold and good size carry in your purse
This is the 6th tablet I have purchased. The Kindle Fire tablets are perfect for just about everyone; from my 2 year old grandson to my mother. I purchased this one for my mother, by the way. For her, I thought she could easily access her email and play mind challenging games. WiFi is need to use this, which is great because there are no monthly charges for using this tablet. Also, it must be set up very securely because no security system is needed.
I love this 7" tablet. I can carry it anywhere. It is very easy to use. The ads don't bother me at all. Very happy with it. The shipping was fast especially being around Christmas!
This product was for a 13 year old and it was perfect for his needs at a great price
Simple and straightforward. No set up necessary. Reading with this Fire is a breeze. Lightweight, holds a charge well.
There's not much to say about the Fire. It's a great tablet that offers a lot of the price. Highly recommended!
Set up was automatic. I really didn't need to know anything specific. Just follow the prompts. Really great for my kids.
This is the second Amazon tablet I have purchased and they both work very well. My 8 year old does his homework on the tablet. The screen is bright and clear, build quality is good and he is delighted with the number of games available
If your not looking to spend a ton of money on a tablet, this is a very nice option.
My grandkids love these, purchased 3 for the 6 - 7 year old. Per them "the best gift I got"
I purchased this item on Black Friday and it did not disappoint me! Due to recently losing my previous Kindle Fire HD, I was seeking to purchase another. I came across the Kindle Fire and had to have it. It has an awesome display, great price, user friendly, and it is the perfect size for travel. I love it and would recommend it to anyone!
Bought 2 of these as christmas gifts, simple and easy to use.Both are enjoying it for web browsing/recipes. I set them both up prior to gifting them, i know it is an amazon tablet, having to create another account and use a different app store stinks...But worth the value.
Easy to use and the kid friendly protector works great...
Very user friendly no issues, very easy to setup. I
It's great for my kids or anyone! The display is really nice
This tablet does everything that was advertised, but only a fraction of the cost! A great buy!
I received this as a Christmas present. This is great to take on a trip or to work. It is great for watching movies or reading books. It was easy to setup.
My younger sibling loved this tablet I got for him he is always on it and can also read on it
My boss recommended getting a fire because she had one and so I got one too and i love that i can read my books from my kindle app on a bigger screen than my phone.
My grandson always enjoyed my kindle so when I saw the 7 inch Kindle on sale before Christmas I knew he would love it.
Can't go wrong great for games wifi great overall very happy
Just what my wife was looking for in a tablet. She wanted something to use to read & to have some games on. This was it.
My daughter absolutely loves this tablet! It has a lot of great apps that she can choose from in the app store too. She's had no problems with her tablet. I've even had fun using her tablet and it's simple to use.
This is a great tablet for the beginner. Very light weight and easy to use.
brought them for my grandkids easy to use and they love them and the price was right
Great buy used instead of using smart phone for games
I bought this for my 10 year old grandson. He loves to read, but also play games and watch you tube videos. It's perfect for him.
I am not a "techie" but I love the Kindle Fire. It is easy to use and of high quality. It is an amazing value compared to other readers.
Perfect for young kids. Small, yet easy to operate.
Amazon Fire Tablets are great for the price . My kids ages 10 and 12 love the tablets. The tablets are fast and clear.
My wife loves her Kindke and at this price it was a no brainer. It's fast with a ton of expandable memory storage.
Does everything I expected it to do. Definitely a great product for folks who want a good product with an affordable price.
Love the screen colors and the easy accessible apps and internet.
Quick delivery, great tablet, met all our needs...would recommend
Bought them for a 5 yr old and 7 yr old great for easy to use kid apps and learning games
Bought this for my mother in law who is having trouble reading small print. Didn't want to spend as much as a kindle paperwhite, so this was a reasonable compromise to give her the option of adjusting the light and size of the font when she is reading.
I love this, it is absolutely perfect for all my online needs
I bought two one for my 5 year old and one for my grandmother. So easy to use, and they love it. Will buy more
Tablet was exactly what I was looking for at a very reasonable price.
Great battery life and easy to navigate!!! Great value!
Able to surf the net and facebook, but slow in those apps and you get all notifications that occurred since the last time you were on your Kindle even if you checked your facebook notifications prior to using the kindle. Excellent for its purpose of readING only. Which is why I bought it.
i had purchase the Amason fire table for the grandkids and it works great, the kids are having alot of fun downloading games and playing them with the family.
Use every day. So easy to use. Perfect size. Will be great when traveling. Love it.
It's a great value & easy to use. Love the screen for easy reading & being able to access my games, music, & have access to the web.
This is a great little tablet even with all the ads. Should have paid the extra money to not have the ads but still a great buy
Got this for my mom so she can listen 2 music. Was simple to use.
Can't beat the price.a great Christmas gift for adults and teens.
These are great for my teens to use at school. Now that their school uses online activities.
Bought 2 for Grandkids (8 & 11 yrs old) Christmas present. Easy to use, great entertainment, games, access to all their sites. They Love it!!!
I got the kindle fire for my son for Christmas and is is very happy with it. No problems. Picture is great. It was a great price!
Very good value and easy to use. Wife loves it much better than using phone for her apps.
Great device fast and big enough to see and easy to use !!!!
Don't waste money on the kid program friendly ones that's what Locks are for
love the products I bought for xmas presents they liked them alot
I bought 4 of these tablets for my daughters. I won't lie I was a little nervous every at first because of the price, but they turned out to be awesome! My kids love them. I haven't bought their cases yet but they seem to be very sturdy tablets.
Bought tablet for my dad to use, he is 80 yrs old and has never used a tablet before, he caught on quick. Size was perfect for him to handle.
I have really enjoyed by Amazon Fire. It does everything I need and is small enough for my purse.
Good Christmas gift for a small time reader. Would buy again
I bought this tablet for my grandson and he loves it. Plenty of memory, good enough sized screen for him to read and play games on. Compact enough to be easy to carry around.
Great tablet for the money kids love it great sound ease to use
I love it and it is very easy to use I take it every where I go
Great very easy to use clear picture my 4 yr old grandson is happy
Love it. Its fast..the visual is great. It has plenty of room to download games and books on it. I love the mayday feature on it because its helped is when we got stuck. My 3 year old can use it very easily as can my elderly parent. The processor is fast and that makes doing anything on it
Bought for my Grandparents for Christmas and loaded games for them they love it.
Perfect gift for friend or family member!!! Very easy to use!
I wld buy this product again great pics and price is well worth it
I went back and forth about what kind of tablet to purchase for my child. I am very impressed with the ability for things to be simple for her to navigate as well as being able to place perimeters on how long she can use the apps, Internet, and watch videos as well as how much reading time she has to have.
This is an awesome tablet, not to mention and excellent price!!!
Bought three of these during the Black Friday sale for family gifts. Everyone loved them. Cheap and fun little tablet to have.
Great price for tablet. My college son purchased these with his money to donate to city after school program for low income kids. Kids love them and are learning to read more! Tons of educational and fun stuff on Amazon Fire!
Got this for my granddaughter. It is perfect for her she listens to her music, makes videos for you tube and plays games! I actually am going to get one for myself~
I bought this tablet for my mother-in-law. She loves it! It was the best rated tablet for the price and is a quality product. Does everything she needs.
I bought this tablet because it was a cheap alternative to use it on roadtrips and watch movies. It also is perfect for the kids to play with it without worrying to much if they break it.
My kids used the fire on a resent trip abroad . It works great for sending e-mails using the wifi and playing games.
This tablet is great for the everyday reader and gamer , I promise it will not dissapoint.
great storage for a Samsung phone, especially for its price
The 7" screen is a good size and I really like the touch screen. This is a great tablet!
It was a gift for my girlfriend. It is her first tablet. It was easy to get started and she uses it a lot.
I purchased 2 of the Kindle 7 tablets for our grandchildren. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the tablets considering the price. The grandchildren would always head for my Kindle when they came over, now that they have their own, they never ask for mine. They use them constantly, mostly to play games but they also stream videos, and even use them to help with school work. It was a great buy.
Lots of features at a great price. I would recommend this product.
It was a gift to my daughter & she loves it!! From Fb to reading the bible online, she does everything on it!! The only down fall is the camera isn't that great but instead she just uses her iPhone bc she has bought at all times!!
We both got one and we enjoy it very much!! We both can read our books and play games it's great for traveling too. Have no complaints here.
Love it ! very easy to use!!! Good picture for movies!
I have the 1st gen fire and love it so I purchased this for my grandson as I know it's qualities and durability. He loves it and with the kid friendly underground free apps makes it all the more great. The camera? Not so much. Overall great tablet for the price!
This kindle fire does everything you need a tablet to do. Great picture and fast processing.
I bought three of these tablets for my three boys (ages 9 - 13). The tablets were easy to setup and the boys love them. They seem to be very durable.I like the fact that I can connect them to my Amazon account and they have a lot of detailed parental controls available. I can, for example, limit time on games and movies separately from books so they spend their screen time actually getting some reading done. I can also limit total daily screen time so there is no struggle when it's time for them to get off the tablets.I'm very pleased with the purchase and highly recommend the Amazon Fire tablet.
first tablet for my goddaughters they love it easy to use easy setup
I decided to buy this for my mom for Christmas and she loves it. She uses it daily and had no problem setting it up by herself! For someone who sucks with technology she has no problem with this tablet and it is a nice size.
I love the size. Easy to carry. Just like every other Kindle as far as features.
Son-in-law asked for this as a Christmas gift. Wanted something to take along on business trips for easy access to books and/or games. He is very pleased with it.
My old Google Nexus was on it's last legs and I had already changed the USB charge port and things were going south quick. I picked up the Kindle Fire and have been happy ever since.
I bought this for my daughter who is in college. She likes it and carries it many places, even hiking. She says it works very well for her.
Great quality and cheap price I like this product and very friendly service
Bought 2 for our sons, ages 4 & 6. They love them and my boys are rough on everything especially electronics but these held up so great I ended up buying another to use as my work e-reader.
Great Electronic! Great size! Great Quality! My son is in love with this tablet
Great tablet and very user friendly. Great to read off of and surf the web
This tablet so far has been great for the price. Even though it isn't the HD quality tablet I've found the res on this one to be pretty awesome.
It is so easy and very fast. I never thought this was fast until I got it. It is everything I need/
It is incredible, so fun, keeps me entertained, keeps my 3 year old happy in parent mode
Awesome tablet just what I wanted for my son he has loved it!
Loved the item..great for my autistic stepson.he was very happy.
I love my purchase Would recommend it to my friends
It's small I can take it with me where ever I go. I can read, play games, and get on the Internet. Not to mention the price was right.
I bought this for my dad this Christmas. Once I set it up for him and he's figured out how to use it, he loves it. (He's 58) He uses it to play on the Internet and read so he doesn't need anything with too many extra gadgets. But it's customizable enough to add apps and games if he wants them.
This amazon fire 7 tablet is good for web surfing.not so fast but its ok.
Works great greatest of the year and I love it and it is the best thing ever I want to be the first half of the year before I go to sleep and wake
This is a great Kindle, it is decent sized for reading and watching videos. It has an SD slot to add more storage so if all the internal memory is used, all you have to do is add an SD card and you're good to go! I would definitely recommend this Kindle!
Great tablet and easy to use for a beginner to use
This is a great tablet for any user. The picture is beautiful and it is easy to navigate. It is compact and lightweight and simply elegant.
bought this for my step daughter, she loved it, goes everywhere with it.
I love my kindle so much. It has a great screen clarity. Also the price was on point.
I highly recommend this tablet! Awesome purchase. This is a great gift.
Excellent buy as a gift for the young man it was purchased for.
I like it, it works great I have not had any problems with it.
The Amazon Fire is a great tablet and it is very easy to use.
Bought for my 8 year old - good price and does what she likes
I was looking for an inexpensive tablet to help my daughter become more comfortable using technology. This tablet offers great parental controls and gives her the ability to watch & play age appropriate shows and games.
After reading the reviews I was very skeptical. I mainly use Apple products, but with 5 kids and apple out of my price range this was perfect. I was able to get 4 tablets for the price of 1 Apple iPad. The kids love and they don't mind the commercial. I like that I can manage their fire tablet via my phone and I get emails for everything they download. This was perfect for them. And I would buy it again.
Great tablet for a very small price. Would buy again.
Purchased for step father who wasn't into technology (still has a flip phone). He was able to get the tablet up and running and was surfing online with no problems. Great tablet for beginners.
I purchased this to have a smaller footprint tablet. Could use more popular apps but still great for keeping the library at the tip of the fingers and a camera to boot.
My kids love this tablet. I loved the price. With my ipad I cringe when they want to use it. They drop it and I loose $500.00. This little tablet is under $50.
great buy. excellent product. Just need to buy a cover to protect
The tablet is great and works perfectly for any use
The tablet was a gift for my Dad for Christmas. He likes it so far, the music part he loves. The tablet is build solid. I like the home page better than my 6 inches one. He has used expansion micro SD by putting 128gb.
This item was on sale and I bought it cheaper than on Amazon with the features it's a great buy
Purchased as a Christmas Gift for my sister during Black Friday. Great tablet for reading books , surfing web, etc etc for your daily needs.
Purchased this table for my five year old daughter and she loves it. Placed parental controls on the tablet so she can't make purchases or search the web. Very easy to use and has great apps. May get one myself!
I wasn't too sure about getting a tablet at first. I've had an iPhone for years and have always loved reading hard cover books. I was also concerned that I would have a hard time learning the software other than apple. I'm happy to report that the software was not difficult to adjust to in the least and I thoroughly enjoy reading on a tablet now!
It is an easy to use tablet and my girl love it! Great price.
Got it for my future mother in law as a christmas gift she is enjoying being able to read books online
I bought this for a Christmas gift. They love it! Very happy with purchase.
Bought this tablet for my nephew and he loved it ! Easy to set up and easy to use !
Bought this for my kids, the parental controls are awesome. The tab does everything it is supposed to very well, I even find myself using it after kids fall asleep. Would strongly recommend to any one looking on a budget.
Because of the reasonable cost, I was able to buy 3 of these tablets for my grandchildren for Christmas, and to date they are working just great.
Great tablet for the beginner or young child. would recomend
A few years back I asked for and received a Kindle for Christmas - LOVED IT. So I bought this one as a gift for a first time tablet user. They are extremely happy, it is simple to use. This is a great little table/ computer that now comes with a regular re-charger. Strongly suggest this table.
Tablets are easy for setting up, & using. Thank you.
This is our seventh Kindle purchased! Love them all! Price was fantastic too!
I was super hesitant to get the new 7" kindle fire because it was so cheap and I was sure it would be poor quality buy boy was I wrong! We got 3 of them (1 per kid) and they LOVE them. We put kid safety programs on them to keep them in an approved section of the games we have allowed and they work great. My husband and I steal them all of the time for Netflix and I couldn't be happier. 100% happy with the purchases. Still can't believe they were so cheap!!!
I purchase 6 of these tablets for my grandchildren Xmas present. I loved it so much, I will be purchasing one for my self.
This was bought for a college student. She loves it, and it is easy to use and carry with the large amounts of books she has already.
Surprisingly good picture quality and easy to use.
This tablet is very great because it's not harsh on the eyes when reading and the battery life is great. I like to read a lot so it's perfect for that. The touch screen works well too. Overall I'm very satisfied with this purchase.
Really good for anyone all the best parts of amazon kindle fire but with new expandable storage which makes awesome plus cameras which were not available before
I bought this for a Christmas gift. She loved it. Went home that night and downloaded books.
Good Product for the purchase, great for beginners.
What a great value! I thought at first that it was so underpowered that it would be useless, but not so. I have bought 6 of them so far, and am lovin it!
This is one sweet little tablet for taking along with you wherever you.go. It is everything you need in an ereader. The color and resolution on a $50 tablet is impressive. My mother is able to use it without problem and she loves the portability.
Amazing tablet, great quality and great features!!
Had to take first one back because the screen went haywire. The second one is doing great. Love how much it holds.
I love this little tablet! The clarity is very nice, it boots up fast and is simple to use. The price was so right, too! And the extra SD card slot is such a plus. I use an iPad too but this tablet is great for reading my eBooks. A great buy!
Grandkids are doing great. Love this product, and thrilled with grandkids usage.
Bought as a gift as I have had one for years and love it.
It has been a great tablet for my daughter. User friendly.
This kindle fire tablet was perfect gift for child she is 3 years old bit can work it and loves it
We purchased this tablet for my 9 year old daughter as a extra Christmas present. She loved it from the start, great starter tablet for reading and games. No lag on gaming, just enough space and perfect for using around the house. Highly recommended for first time tablet or starter. Especially for the price.
This replaced a 4 year old kindle for my 67 year old mother. Extremely glad i went with another Kindle and the fire is awesome! resolution is great! Does everything needed and with ease!
I love my new fire! Such a smooth running tablet. I can use audible as well on this and Netflix and fun games. Battery lasts long time as well.
It was a good tablet really easy for kids with great security
Great first time tablet for a beginner , no problems yet. Very happy with purchase
For $49 this tablet is an incredible value!!This is the best solution ever for kids
I bought 2 of these tablets as gifts for my nephews, ages 7 and 11. They absolutely love them!
Purchased two of these tablets as gifts to the grandsons. Set up was a breeze, and Mom & Dad especially like the features for younger children. We also added a 64gb SD Card to both for the added storage! Overall, everyone is quite happy...
love this tablet...very easy to use and read books on
Love that I could buy a card to increase storage, the Picture quality was awesome! And the price was very reasonable! I had one happy granddaughter
This was a gift for a mother. The mother loved the gift
Better than his last Kindle, camera is great addition
Bought this tablet for my brother for Xmas and he loved it. He is able to watch Netflix on his tablet. Recommend it for kids. I will be buying my sister one now too.
I bought two of these, one for each of my granddaughters. They absolutely love them.
This tablet is a great buy. Very happy with it. Has many great features. I'm very pleased with my purchase. Will buy another for my grand daughter. I'm still learning all the great apps etc... Thanks so much.
I bought this tablet for my son for Christmas. I chose this one because it was the most popular tablet sold. He hasn't parted with it yet.
Great little cheap android tablet. doesn't have the best of screens or speed, but for the price it cant be beat
my daughter loves her tablet she got it for christmas and has lots of fun with her own games
No prob loved it highly recommend. Easy to transport. Great graphics.
Great Value On A Tablet. I bought this for travel. At $49 if you lose or drop it you are not out $100's of dollars. It performs great.
Purchased it for my son. He loves it and it is easy to use. Great deal too!
It's great if you don't download a lot of books. Storage is filled quickly
I have loved Amazon's Kindles from the start. Everything is user friendly and Amazon's customer service can't be beat!
I got this kindle at a black Friday sale at a great price. My daughter loves it .She was able to set it up for more than one user so her and her boyfriend can both use it.
For the price, this is an amazing tablet. I was able to side-load the Google Play Store for an even better Android experience. The best of both worlds (Amazon/Google)
I love the Kindle Fire, it is wonderful for playing games and watching movies
a friend recommended the amazon fire tablet to me. its easy to use and i am very happy i brought the fire tablet
My mom likes to read...a lot. Set up was a snap, and she was off and reading in no time! She also enjoys the many functions of such an inexpensive tablet!
My grandson is 6 and he loves this tablet.. Easy for him to us and a great price.. Well worth it
Got this for the kids and the love them. !!!!!!!!!!!
I love the Fire. I can carry it in my purse plus I can read it anywhere. I took it on my cruise and every chance I had, I laid out on the deck and read books on it. It was a great buy!!
I have owned a 7" Kindle Fire HD since they came out years ago. My grandkids were constantly asking to use it, so when these 7" kindle fire's came out I decided to get them for 5 of my grandkids. They have amazing quality for the price (I have bought the junk out there for $30 - $70 and that's what they are JUNK!) and the grandkids are thrilled. I wish I had bought it for all of the kids. I have recommended this tablet to all of my friends!
This is a great tablet for the price... Works excellent... Memory card capability makes it even better..
We've tried a few different brands of tablets, between the DigiLand tablet my neice has or the Polaroid tablets we bought last year. Don't buy Polaroid. The brand used to be about quality, but their tablets are terrible. Slow, unable to process much, they needed to be restarted constantly from freezing.But Amazon's Fire tablet is amazing. My mom was so happy with it. It runs so well and is just overall AWESOME.
Tablet works well and has all the functionality needed. Great Christmas deal.
We are really enjoying our purchase of this tablet. I bought it for my 7-year old, my husband, and myself to use. The kid-friendly controls are appreciated. When needed, we just log in as me to access the wilds of the internet that are kept from her when she is logged in. Speedy, friendly, and very nice screen. I am going to add internal memory and then we will be set!
After purchasing for myself and mother in the past, I felt it was reliable and friendly enough for my 11 year old. Easy to set up and has parental controls. She loves to use it for reading and games. It's fabulous and the price was excellent and my main deciding factor. You just can't beat $49.99. Thanks Best Buy.
It's worked well, great value for the price, good speed, overall a good bang for the buck.
Love the kindle. Perfect size and very easy to use.
Best Buy always offers great products at great prices. There sales are outstanding and I always find their sales persons to be knowledgeable and friendly.
Great tablet for the price. Easy to read documents.
Amazing product I bought 2 one for me and wife we read alot of books so perfect and the selection is great books a must buy.
This was a Christmas gift for my husband and he loves it. It is a nice size and easy to use, whether he is reading or playing card games.
I purchased this tablet to leave in the kitchen to use for pinterest recipes. It is perfect for that, and small enough to easily tuck away in a cabinet when not in use.
My girls loved the tablets and the cases even though both of them have Iphones. I haven't seen them that excited about a Christmas gift since they were children awaiting Santa Claus! My oldest daughter found it perfect for her flight to France!!!
Purchased two of these as Christmas gifts. Both individuals love them. Has been used constantly since received. Great size for holding in your hand easily.
It perfect gift to my cousin for this thanksgiving. She love it :)
searching the internet is a great bonus with this device
Kids love it, no real issues. Solid tablet for the value.
I bought two for my kids for Christmas. They love it.
Excellent tablet at an exceptional price. I highly recommend this tablet.
The new kindle has so many great features and is an excellent upgrade over the previous version. I love the ease in using it and it is so compact and light i take it every where. A perfect christmas gift and great value for the price.
great to use very easy to use for teens and greatprice
I bought my first Kindle Fire several years ago. This year I bought 3 (a new one for everyone in my household). Great tablet, lightweight & I love that the newer Kindle has expandable memory.
I purchased these tablets for my grandchildren. They are young and do not need anything fancy. So, knowing these tablets are simple and easy to use for young children was the right one to purchase. They are very happy with the tablets and it is easy for them to understand and use. Excellent purchase.
Kids love playing games on the tablet - fast for an inexpensive tablet.
I wanted to get my kids a tablet and this was the best option..Glad I made this decision my kids love the kindle
I love the new kindle. It has many updates that make it more like a tablet. Great gaming options and is still the perfect device to read books from.
Shipping was fast, well packaged and Easy to use!!
I looked at several brands and read reviews of tablets before making my purchase and the Amazon Fire was by far the best. I purchased mine from Best Buy and they had a great price, less than $50!! I highly recommend this product, it has plenty of room for games, books or just to search the web. I love it!!
my kids love it. It fast and the camera is great. Easy to use
This item was purchased for a gift I red feedbackThe person enjoyed the gift
Received as Christmas gift and I love the size and features of the kindle.
this is my first tablet and so far it has been great. Games and apps. all loaded fast and worked great. Wish battery was stronger but I use it around the house a lot and plugging it in is not a problem and it charges fast.
Bought this tablet for kids. Great price for what you get. Not as nice as the 7" HD but price is right. Quick and responsive, would recommend for anyone looking for a tablet for child use. Parent controls are a nice touch.
This was (and still is) a great price for this tablet. Newly added expanding expandable storage helps with storage issues. Included ac adapter and cable.
Speedy delivery, product was in good shape, and it was well liked by the users.
Added it as a gift to my son's already expensive x mas gifts. He's 21 and loves it! Bought one for my nephew too and he loves it!
Very good item for a very reasonable price. Easy to work, gets the job done.
Bought for my parents fur Christmas. They live them. Very simple and easy to use
Perfect size, works great, great streaming quality.
Excellent kindle for the price. Works great and ordering from Best Buy online was amazing.
I have a couple kindle fires myself. I loved them and she was looking for a reader. So I got her this kindle fire. She loves it.
He loves to read, play games and watch movies. Great purchase
kindle fire is a great product also caught it at a special price its super fast and takes great photos
I like the product. It's for my son so it should be fun
I would highly reconmnd this product to anybody. I use it on a daily basis
Bought four of these for nieces and nephews. Works great been several weeks all four going strong and these kids can break anything really easy.
My kids just Love there tablets and they are Very Much worth the price.
We've bought two now and this version is a little lighter w/larger screen and just like our first one, really simple to use. We call them our tablets. They're super afordable and worth the $. Our first one was double the price so couldn't pass up this deal. It still works great and has been dropped many times by my toddler. Has all the same features as the child version I think. Great product!!
I have purchased two of these for my children. This is sturdy and easy to use. There are parental controls as well. My 12 y/o and my 10 y/o operate these with ease. I am thinking of purchasing one as a gift for my mother.
Got this for my hisband who is totally not tech savvy---he has been able to download some games for himself plus navigate a little bit on here---a major step for him.
My nephews love their new tablets!! Great Christmas gifts!
Husband loved my KF so much I had to get one for him for X-mas. He kept "borrowing" mine! Easy to use, even most technically declined can handle.
I bought this item for my 85 year old grandmother. She likes to play solitaire and read. She is always telling me that she plays solitaire to keep her mind sharp. I gave it to her as a christmas present and she loves it. I have since downloaded a couple of easy games for her. We haven't made it to the books or anything else yet. She is getting used to doing one thing at a time. She absolutely loves it and always has it with her. So much that I have to tell her to charge it. I am thinking of buying one for my self also.
I'm really enjoying this little tablet. I wat h Amazon Prime movies on it. I shop, check NFL scores and make dining reservations as well as keep up with news and personal email. It's just great.!
This tablet is great for what it is! They were presents and they love them!
Amazon has the right idea with building an affordable yet quality tablet that provides wonderful access to Prime content.
I'm very happy with this purchase. It is perfect for a child or an adult that does not need too much storage on their tablet.
Device makes an excellent personal internet access machine! Some apps don't load on the device, but those are few and far between. Great music player as well as good interface with online streaming services such as Netflix. No need for a DVD player for the kids with this!
grand son said he liked it .that it was fun to play with. he could do what he needed to do with it. glad he is happy with it.
This is my third Amazon Fire tablet, and it is definitely an upgrade from my two-year-old 7-inch Fire HD. I love that it has a card slot and both front and rear-facing cameras.
I bought two of these tablets for my twins (8 yrs old) for $34 each on Black Friday. I thought $49 was a bargain for this tablet. My kids have really enjoyed them. I was pleasantly surprised with the picture quality and everything this tablet had to offer. If you're looking for a basic tablet or one for your young kids, without spending a lot of money, this is worth it.
My husband loves how simple it is to use and he can take it anywhere
I have one and bought my daughter and mama one. It's perfect for games and to down load books
The Kindle Fire has been my granddaughter favorite
My twins love their tablets and I am able to down load lots of educational apps for them.
Just love got it for my granddaughter just plain great
My children requesting iPad mini's for Xmas ,and not ready to make an large expense at young ages of 9. The fire has been a great product and my children are happy and so is mom and dad.
Bought one for each of my kids and they love it. Functionally sound product very easy to use.
Got this when it was on sale to replace my old Kindle Paperwhite. Makes for a great tablet as well as an e-reader. Love all the different apps! And the blue color is so pretty!
Sons tablet stopped working so needed a replacement this tablet fits the bill .
Bought this for my son to play his games on and it's a great player for that.
I love this tablet! Very easy to use and navigate.
The colors and surfing is just great, size and connectively is great. Children love it. Makes reading anywhere a breeze.
I purchased this device for the text-to-speech function which is does well.
Need a replacement for my son and this tablet Is great .
This is a great tablet, I have the Kindle Fire HD or something like that and I got this for my grand daughter. She loves it, I hate that she's only 9yrs. old and I have to add her tablet to my Amazon account on my tablet cause she doesn't have an email, cause you have to set up an account with email.
I purchased this tablet as a gift for my son who is always up on any new books or games. He loves it and is always thanking me for getting it for him. The clarity and colors on the screen are amazing. This is a very good product and I would highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in buying a kindle.
staff was great my son was very pleased with his purchase we shop at your store quite often love best buy
This is a great tablet for a good price. I bought this for my mother that has no clue about computers, tablets or anything technical. It's basically used for her to play games and she is able to navigate thru with a tutorial from me.
Great for reading books and digital comics and the perfect entry-level tablet for Amazon's grand ecosystem. If you like this, you can upgrade in the future to something with more storage and power.
This tablet is amazing! Easy to use, great tablet to use for skyping. I don't have any trouble with this tablet when using it overseas, clear video call from here in states to overseas!
Like the price and this a great kindle. great value!
We are glad we bought this great for movies and everyday games
This tablet performs as well or better as any other tablet for a great price, no issues or complaints whatsoever!
Great value for a tablet. Was a gift for dad in his fifties and it is simple enough for him to use and play word games and watch Netflix and stuff. Got it on sale for $39 which was a steal. I should have gotten another one for that price . Best Buy always has great prices and selections especially when they go on sale. Dad loves his Amazon tablet.
My son loves this tablet for apps & games. Its perfect for kids & includes the ability to read which is great. Great price!
This tablet is worth the money you spend. If you looking for your first tablet go ahead and buy it.. You will not regret
My granddaughter loves this. She was using my old smart phone to get online, but then I got this and she loves the bigger screen and it is easy to use for a six year old.
I was happy with the product. I couldn't pass up on the price and also it runs very nicely.
Ordered 2 of these Amazon Fire tablets for my children (ages 3 & 8) to use primarily for viewing netflix, playing games, listening to music on. Very happy with these tablets, I also ordered the 'amazon freetime kid-proof case' for the tablets and they have made it through 3 months of use and abuse thus far. Highly recommend this tablet if you are looking for one for your child. Parental controls are very easy to use and provide a large number of options as far as limiting applications, time limits for use and curfew options. My children are very rough on these tablets and with the cases on them they have not caused any damage to them at all. Easy to set-up and install apps, decent battery life, decent battery charge time, great picture quality when watching netflix or other streaming media, wifi works very good, lightweight and easy to hold for extended periods of time, intuitive controls and user interface. Would highly recommend this tablet for beginners or children.
my son enjoy it so much. he is so happy with that tablet
Bought this for our grandson and it was a hit and easy to use!
Grandson wanted this for birthday and he loved it.
This was a replacement for another fire. It's the best tablet we've had and does everything we need it to. The fact that it's blue is a bonus!
Very Good product. it works very well, have no troubles with it at all.
I enjoy the ease i using the item and the case is perfect
Kindle GUI interface works like my Android!! Fast and friendly!! Thank you Best Buy!!! Keep the hits coming!!
Great price for a beginner, he is able to use it for games
Very happy with tablet. Easy to use. Hooks up to WiFi immediately
Enjoy my tablet. Easy to carry in purse. It was a great buy. Love reading from it.
great ultracheap tablet from brand you can trust! buy two!
I love my fire i have always wanted one for when I read
I purchased a Fire in November 2015 holiday sale. I have been enjoying my Fire. A parent of mine purchased a Kindle when the device first came out. I persuaded my parent to buy an updated Kindle because of all the updates in 5 years time. Now she has to learn the newer technology.
This item, the Amazon Fire tablet, is a great buy for the price.
Bought this for my mother in law as her first tablet, she loves it! Great value.
A wonderful product for those who are not on the apple hype train. Easy to use and the price was on point. Expandable memory really makes this a million times better than the baser iPads
Purchased as a gift for my 10 year old and she loves it. Perfect size, detailed graphics, good battery life for those long road trips, and a SD card slot is a sweet bonus.
Bought one, loved it. Bought another so I would have one in the bedroom and the other for living room. Also bought one for my sister.
My wife and I actually bought two of these for our two younger children. I love that they give us control over how much screen time they get, when they're available to be turned on, and when they turn off. As well as when they can play the games after their reading time. Just awesome.
I bought the Kindle Fire after I upgraded my primary tablet to a 10 inch. The 10 inch was too big to take to a coffee shop to read or to use outside. This is perfect size. I put a 2gb as card in it to hold my books. I can down load a couple of books and take it on the road.
I purchased a Kindle for my 8 year old son and he loves it!. As long as the wi-fi is working properly, he is able to stream videos perfectly. There is also an option through Amazon that allows the user to download videos to play later. Downloading and playing games is very easy unlike a "child" tablet I purchased for him previously. The only negative I would give the Kindle is it may not always have the games/apps that ITunes and Google have but I have not heard any complaints for him! Well worth the money!
Waited quite a while before buying this Kindle reaader. Weighed it heavily against an iPad. Talked to friends about their experiences with reeaders. The Kindle just seemed l8ike it would do the job I wanted much betterand the price was fantastic. I have beeen pleasantly surprised with what a Kindle can accomplish and how easy it is to use.
If you want a good tablet and don't want to spend a lot of money, I recommend this. Well made and reliable. I have one for myself and bought one as a gift.
This tablet is so awesome and my Niece's and Nephew love theirs
Perfect size for on-the-go people. Easy to hold. Easy on the eyes. Battery life is excellent.
Does everything my IPhone does (except make phone calls). with a wifi connection....no plans or extra fees....Facebook, Pandora, Gmail, Internet in addition to downloading books!
Bought this as a Father's day gift for my dad. He loves it and it's easy to set up and use.
I really enjoy my tablet for reading and my books. Meets all my needs which is online shopping, news and book reading!
Love how this works, 5 year old gets around great on her own
I bought 4 of these tablets for my 12 yr old Sunday School class to use during our lessons. They love them. The tablets are easy to use and a good size for that age group. Very much worth the price.
I am impressed at how easy it was to get started. I enjoy all the items that are available.
I use this for my daughters educational apps. She loves it. perfect size for her hands and still big enough for her to enjoy Peppa Pig.
Awesome tablet. Performance great. Perfect buy!!!!
This is awesome. This item was a gift for my elderly father in law who isn't too tech savvy. Didn't want to spend the big bucks with an iPad so this was a great alternative!
Perfect if you just want to check email, Facebook, apps - works great.
I mostly use this for reading books and its just awesome.. easy to carry and nice clarity..!! Worth the amount spent..!!
I Love Love my Fire, you get way more than you expect from this Fire Tablet, Plug into speakers GREAT Sound, Reading screens are wonderful with the ability to use Night time light, Takes amazing photo's and videos, with good quality sound, SMS access is so easy and you can even receive calls, All search engines are accessble. I am getting My little grandkids each one of these with the great tablet protecter. This tablet is Kid friendly and as a parent you can control EVERYTHING they see. Price is amazing and you get way more than you would expect from a tablet that is so affordable.
Great device and a GREAT price! Many apps available too!!!
I purchased this Kindle Fire tablet as a gift for one of my grandkids. It has all the features they wanted on a tablet, plus it's so easy to use!
Bought this as a christmas gift for a family member, I've heard nothing but good things about it. Great little tablet for a great price.
I've had my Kindle Fire for a couple of weeks and am really enjoying it. I've been impressed with the processor speed and image quality. No problems playing videos or music. The E-reader app is great and has a lot of easy-to-use features. We paired this with Amazon Prime in order to utilize its functions more fully.
Another great Amazon product. Simple tablet that does what I need it to.
I purchased this for a 5 year old so they'd leave my iPad alone. So happy I did. Easy to use and live that you cad increase memory to
Tablet was for my 9yr old. It works great. It has good parental controls. It could use a little more memory but well worth the money paid. Ship to store worked perfectly.
loved it, it is exactly what I needed for my granddaughter she can play unlimited games
This is a great tablet. It's user friendly and has some great features. Great buy.
Bought the Amazon Fire Tablet as Christmas gifts for my grandsons, ages 8 and 12. They both liked it. It has a nice size screen for them to play their games on and you can't beat the price. Better than having them play on our expensive cell phones.
Great for my 7 year old son. Has all his games and favorites apps installed. Easy navigation user friendly.
User friendly even for a non-techie person like my mom.
Tablet does great for its price segment. Very resourcelful and fun for kids.
Bought the Amazon Fire tablet to read books and brows the internet. Works well very happy,
I got this tablet for my grand daughter and she loves it. She loves playing her princesses games on it. We even got most of her videis on it so she dont have to have internet to watch them.
Bought this for my dad and he loves it. He does not do anything too extreme just basic apps. And it handles multiple apps well and for only $50 it was a great value deal. Excellent for games and light activities.
I bought this to replace a dedicated kids tablet (another brand) that had wonderful software but not a replaceable battery. Barely got a year and a half out of the other brand. The price difference between this and the dedicated kids version was largely a software suite subscription so I bought this. Along with her mom we found free and age appropriate software. I loaded up a micro SD card with music and audio stories. Both grand daughters love it, as they are 5 and 3 I bought the bumper to help protect it. It's not in the same league as my Samsung tablet but for 1/8 its cost or 1/6 the cost of the dedicated kid brand it's great.
I love it! We have them for all our children and they love them
Great tablet and its price for it, it's awesome my kids love it and it keeps them entertained.
Personalized to go with my amazon Prime account and inexpensive enough to get 1 for each member of the family. Easily read books, watch movies and powrful enough to go online for shopping and reviews.
I purchased this tablet for convenience and was surprised at how easy it is to use and how well it performs. It downloaded all my information from my paper white tablet and I was able to download e-mail and other important apps.
This tablet, although small, can pack a huge punch. It holds charge really well. The graphics are very high quality and there are so many amazon apps for the whole family to use. Love it. I use it all the time. Definately a great buy if on a budget.
I use it mainly when I am traveling to read books, watch movies, listen to music, play games and check email. Works very well and does everything that I need.
Very affordable. Excellent tablet and comes in different colors
This Kindle Fire is very easy to use and has so many apps. Love it!
Affordable price awesome quality I love my Amazon fire tablet
This is a perfect tablet for my 9 year old daughter we weren't looking to spend a whole lot of money since she has broke two already. The only thing I wish you could change is the home screen you can't customize it like most tablets but other than that great speed the camera is ok and the battery life is great.
my kids love the games and browsing the web, perfect for a gift.
Wonderful, it is for a toddler and a four year old, also a seven year old boy.They love it. A lot of the games I put on are educational.The toddler and the four year old like the puzzles and ballon poppingGames. The seven year old likes thinking games, so they are all happy.So am I.
This was given as a gift. The recipient is thoroughly happy. It is something he has wanted for awhile, mostly because his siblings have one too.
Don't let the 8GB prevent you from buying this Amazon tablet! Once you insert a Micro SD card, the tablet literally saves everything to the Micro SD. Be sure to get a screen protector if you plan on letting little kids play with it because the screen isn't as scratch resistant as an iPad or a Samsung Galaxy Tab. For Forty bucks, you just can't find a better value and with Amazon Underground, you can get a bunch of free apps which also include free in-app purchases... yup all the coins and tokens and gems and whatever else you want for free! Note that this thing comes with ads... but they only appear on the lock-screen and actually aren't that bad. They are nicely designed and don't make your lock screen look janky. Other than that, you'll want to have a PRIME membership so you can take advantage of the PRIME videos and what not. I recommend getting at least 32GB Micro SD (I believe it supports up to 128GB) to store pictures, videos, music etc... obviously get a larger capacity card if you're a download junkie.The pictures it takes are OK... good enough for viewing on a screen, but don't expect to be printing high quality pics with them.Screen quality is pretty good... not sharp and crisp like a Retina screen, but I was able to read my Kindle books just fine. The viewing angle is also decent and won't make you feel cross-eyed like some cheaper tablets out there.Battery Life is very good on this tiny tablet... something like 4-5 hours with normal use. Videos and Games will probably drain the battery faster than anything else, but it runs every game I've thrown at it so far.If you have kids, the Free-Time app is very cool... you have to pay a small subscription (like 2 bucks a month or something with PRIME) but it gives the kids access to a whole bunch of curated content, games, movies etc. just for the little ones so they don't mess with other apps or get into things your stuff.Well, that's all I can think of... this is a great little tablet of pretty good build and quality... if you're paranoid about scratches and dents get a case and screen protector and you're golden.
My 10 year old absolutely loves his fire. He can download his favorite games as well as his favorite books to read.
The quality is awesome for the price. Amazon products are always cool.
My kids are growing out of their ipod touch and I wanted to get them something bigger. The kindle fire tablet is such a great deal so it was a no brainer to get all three of my kids one.
Bought this item for my son and he loves it it works great for movies and games that he likes to play its the perfect size for a toddler ! Can't beat the price or how great it works
After searching online for the best price, I found this on bestbuy.com. I ordered it and picked it up at our local Best Buy the same day. Great product at a great price.
This is easy to use and fun to download apps with. I spend many hours on my kindle fire 7 reading and playing games and going online.
OK, let's face it. Kindles are not the fastest nor do they come with a quad core processor. But they are great for simple reading and light web browsing. But for 39.99 on sale it was a steal. Thanks Best Buy!
I bought one for both my kids and they love it. We are very happy with the purchase.
The Amazon Fire is perfect for my son. He loves to play games and the app store is easy to use!
Great item ! Bought one for my 20 yr old as a Christmas gift . Ended up going back and getting one for my 11 yr old and myself as well. I am not good with electronics & this is easy to use.
This was a gift for my daughter and her first tablet. She likes it and is Learning how to use it with the help of her son.It is easy to handle and the size is easy to carry with her.
Love this Kindle -It's a great size for travel as I can read it or check my emails or play games.
I am more interested in Kindles for learning apps, and all educational books for adults & children (all ages).
I got it for my daughter to use for entertainment and she uses it everyday
the kindle fire tablet was easy to use and very simple to set up. Great tablet
My Grand daughter that is 7yrs old learned how to shoot videos of her younger sister very quickly with this tablet. It is easy to use and very durable, even for kids. I was very happy that I purchased 2 tablets. One for each of my grand daughters. They were very affordable too.
I was needing an additional streaming device for Spotify. This handles exactly what I need.
My daughter has a great time reading and researching and playing games on this.
I purchased this as a gift for a friend who really just wanted to have a device to play games. It was perfect for him. He can do so much more with this tablet. It is a great tablet for the price!
The tablet is small and a great tool for road trip with the kids. It keeps them entertained and is small enough for them to carry in a small backpack.
It is best for kids without any cell phone!!Great features!!
I wanted a tablet for easy internet access and an e-reader.This is easy to use and has exceeded my expectations.
Bought this as a gift for a child. They love it for playing games and watching videos.
Good price within batter quality love it works perfectly
this great for catching up on facebook or going over email
this tablet works great for my 5 year old who likes to watch kid videos. Set parental locks and it works just like any of the 125- 200 dollar tablets.... for $50... my kid is happy and I am happy
Tablet has good response time and multi tasking is seamless as well! Good vivid colors!
This might be the best product that I have ever purchased.
The best tablet I have purchased from Best Buy. Will buy more
I've always wanted one to read. Good Features and glass for reading
We bought several of these and they work great! They are compact and lightweight. They have capability to add additional memory chips, too, to increase GB capacity.
Work perfectly for as a small tablet for checking Facebook and playting games. The screen is so much larger than the phone for easier viewing. It's nice that it can take pictures, but the quality is not up to most phones.
Bought this as a gift. It was a great buy! Lightweight, great look, easy to use, great sound! I would highly recommend this product.
Bought it for my brother and he just loves it also the price is very reasonable. Highly recommended if you just need a regular tablet
The products were great. I was able to access the books that I had been craving for.
I love that I can check my text from my watch, rather than pulling my phone out at inappropriate times. It helps me stay organized. There are so many features that are helpful. I reviewed the Apple Watch and I'm glad I choose this one instead, even though I have an iPhone, this watch works for all my needs.
Me and my brother brought this for our mother on Mothers Day. She can't put this thing down, shout out to Amzon for this amazing product.
We are very happy with this tablet. It is much better then the RCA
We have this to our kids as their Christmas gift. Not only were the apps good, but you're able to set up separate profiles for each user as well as usage timers so they don't get stuck on it for hours.
This is a great and functional tablet for a low price.
My 3 yr. old loves this and is the perfect size for our needs
My 11 year loves the Amazon Fire. It is user friendly.
What can I say? The Amazon Fire is a great tablet . The price is fantastic . Good size . Does the job . Great deal at Best Buy
This is a really good product, super fast and great screen, would buy it again!
A great beginner to experience tablet users. Even though its amazon, you can still get through the net to google.
Same great reliable tablet as the three other Fire 7" tablets I purchased previously for my kids. Now we can actually tell them apart! The tablets, I mean.
I bought the Fire as a gift for a friend who loves to play games. This is the perfect size and functions well for his purpose and more. This is a great tablet for the price!
This tablet is a great starter for a low cost!!!!!
I bough this tablet for my father and he loves it. It's pretty simple for him to use.
My mom was perfectly happy with it, very user friendly for someone who is not really tech savvy.
You will get your money worth. Great to carry anywhere
One of the best and most price efficient tablets out there
I bought this for my daughter after having previously used a kindle fire hd 7. This kindle was the perfect size for her and she cannot stop reading books off of it.
This tablet is awesome for the price point! Read, play games, consume media, surf the Web... and all for around 50 bucks! It's easy to set up and easy to use. Nice cameras and expandable memory round out the package.
It's no iPad, but it's also dirt cheap. A great rough and tumble tablet.
This tablet was purchased for a present. It is the second one that I have purchased.
My kids use the tablet and it works very well. They love it. They take it with them during travel too.
I found the color my kid loved. Great kindle only costed $39.99. Fast and responsive. Crystal clear display
This is perfect cause my nephew is more calm.. this tablet is awesome. He loves it.
Purchased as a reward for perfect attendance for middle school students. This was just what we (and they) wanted.
I got this so that I could read books on it that I didn't have an actual book version of. I like it because I am able to take it with me on trips and occupy myself that way. Also, I am able to have my daughter read books on it too. The battery life is great and I have just purchased another one for my fiancé.
This is probably the best bank for your buck. Skip a fancy dinner and get the Amazon fire you wont go wrong.
Perfect for checking emails. Small, but not too small to watch my favorite shows/movies!! Would highly recommend!!
This keyboard works as a case as well for your ipad and when attached seems just like a net book...I really like it I think I will end up buying another for the mini ipad...
I love mine so much I bought my grandkids all one.
I had purchased a tablet for my son as s Christmas gift and he loved it, he let me use it and I loved it, especially since I have problems with my hands. This tablet proved to be the best thing for me. My experience with Best Buy is the best choice I could make on my tablet. The staff is fantastic, they helped me to get the basics down pat, you can add me to your list of return consumers.
I was looking for a small tablet for the front room to run my Sonos speakers. This works great. Just keep it right next to my chair and don't have to remember my phone or ipad
I bought this for my mom for Mother's day. It is easy to use and she likes to play games and read books with it. You can do lots more as well. This is a great product for a nice price.
I love this tablet. It is easy to use. With him is very easy to travel
This tablet fulfills my needs at a great price! Love it!
Purchased Amazon Fire 7 from Best Buy because it was on sale and I had rewards points from a previous purchase. The Kindle works great, replace another one that would no longer hold a charge for any length of time.
I love my Kindle. It does everything I need it to do and then some.
My diss love their tablets. We had tried another brand but Kept having problems. Have not had any probls with these.
The Kindle I currently have is pretty nice. I did however have to send my first one back as it stopped working after 17 days. Awesomely though, Best Buy shipped me a new one free of charge even though it was past the 15 day return policy.
Everything I was looking for! My mother needed a larger viewing area than her phone for Internet.
I love my PCs and they are in constant use, but my new addition to the family, the Amazon Fire tablet, now provides me the convenience and portability that I'd been previously missing. Every time I pick it up and turn it on I experience something new to explore and use. A real winner!
Not too expensive and the kids have their own tablet to do stuff they want to do, just use the parental controls. The quality is pretty good too!
This tablet works well for me. I use it mainly for checking my email instead of having to log in into my computer all the time. I don't have a smartphone so it is perfect for me.
I loved it it was fast and great fun for the kids that cannot put it down
This is a great tablet, especially if you're a Prime Member. Only drawback is the ads.
I was looking for a product that was affordable and easy to use, this was the perfect product
A great tablet for our two youngest kids, at a great price!
I bought this for my 10-year-old's birthday. It was the perfect price range. It's actually very well suited to a young preteen. He can game and read books without issues.
Love it. Does more than just allow me read can go online
Bought this tablet as a birthday gift and the person loved it
I love my kindle, it's easy to navigate through the pages and apps. More people friendly than I imagined.
What a great product! I've never had a tablet before, Very user friendly. Amazed at everything there is on it and all the choices you have that you can apply to it also!
My Kindle fire hd stopped working and I replaced with this. Works well, the picture isn't as clear as the hd, but for the cheap price it is fine
I bought this in order to read on it while waiting for appointments. I have a larger Samsung which I love but it's bulkier and doesn't fit in my pocketbook. This is the perfect size and battery lasts longer.
Great for the avid reader. Plenty of storage space and fun for basic internet activities.
My 9 year old and 4 year old sons love this tablet for games and watching Netflix and Hulu. Great size for them. I like the parental controls and easy to monitor their activity and how much time a day they can use it. Was a great price and able to get one each.
For $50 you are getting a quality device that is perfect for web browsing and media streaming.
The parent said she loved the tablet but her son loves it more. He sleeps with it to keep his siblings from touching it. Best gift ever!!!!
These are all true and they really are up on your reading or browse the Web with this tablet, which offers access to Amazon Underground, so you can download apps and games and discover exciting new entertainment. Front and rear cameras let you capture memorable moments, love love love.
Great clarity for a tablet of this price point. Amazon provides a great operating system making it easy to maneuver and web surf. The only thing lacking is the camera not making it good for skyping or taking pictures in poor light. However given the dollar per value you can't beat it. Attractive looks good fit and finish makes it stand out in a sea of choices!
A great little tablet for the price. Works well. A gift for my wife to read e-books on but surfs the Internet nicely too.
I love that it has a clear picture and great volume.
Great online experience. Thanks for making it easy for older people so they can understand what to do. Awesome buy and it was awesome to shop at home. THANKS, Best Buy. Queenie
The tablet is great has a lot of great features like access to kindle books and apps.
I haven't paid much attention to the Fire since the very first one out years back. But recently I purchased an Amazon Echo which I am thoroughly enjoying. And I discovered that my Echo was capable of 'voice casting.' This basically means that whatever Alexa is saying can show up as text or pictures on a screen (recipe or weather map, for example) and you can then print it out! So I wanted to explore voice casting and the easiest way to do that is with an Amazon Fire. What a deal! $50 for the most recent version that boasts all manner of things. I even get free movies! So I purchased a case for the Fire that would work as an easel stand, set it up as a photo frame displaying a rotating series of my digital photos, and whenever I want to I can voice cast from my Amazon Echo! Playing a music album? I can see the album cover and list of songs on my Fire. Checking what's playing at which movie theater when? I can voice cast that info so everyone can see it and vote. And we haven't even talked about using the Fire as an easy go-to for email or games!
Great great great great great great great great tablet.
This little device is great. It has a quick set up and easy instructions
Can't beat the price on these tablets. They are a wonderful tablet for the money.
great item and at a great price. love using it daily.
This is my second kindle fire I have purchased for myself and a family member. Great tablet, easy to use, light weight and a great price.
This is the best 7" tablet out there for under $50 - perhaps the best tablet for under $100. It is fast and reliable
I love it would recommend it .. Works great and takes really good pic
I love this tablet. It's just the perfect gadget for my everyday life.
It's a gift for my Mother-in-Law and she's very happy with it!
Very easy to use. Great for putting music on to use with wireless speaker
Bought it for my mother. Relatively user friendly for someone not too familiar with smart phones and such. She seems to like it although she complains about the speed and size of the screen at times. She also likes the size though since it can easily fit in a medium to large purse. The touch screen is responsive and it has the essentials that she needs. It feels and looks nice. The App Store is ok for simple use. It's a great price for a simple, beginner, or kids tablet. I would probably purchase something more powerful for my own use.
I love my new kindle! Purchased on sale for $39.99 which was a great value. Light, compact & super easy to use. A big plus for me was that with this version you can add more memory.
I got this for my little niece and she loves it. It's a great value
Kindle I like. This is the fourth one I have bought
Bought this for my son for occasional use. Was able to download Google Playstore which greatly expands apps availability. No issues with playing games and watching movies. Screen quality is more than acceptable. A solid performer.
Perfect little tablet ., inexpensive and perfect size for what I need..
Good tablet and reader. It does not have a great battery life, but it is charged quickly.
I brought the particular item for my mother in law who is in her late 70s.This tablet is perfect her to play games, in large view and communicate with the grand kids.
Purchased as a gift for tech-challenged loved one - setup and quick start very simple and straightforward. Ease of loading lots of free library books alone made it well worth the purchase. However, if you have reservations regarding outdoor glare, I'd recommend trying it out first-hand before buying.
I bought this for my dad. He had my sister's original Kindle Fire and it died. So for Father's Day, I bought him a new one. He loves it. He loves that it is a tablet and a Kindle in one great bundle!!
Works fine with TWC RR Extreme. Better than a Smart Tv.
Exactly what I orederd a great product I have ordered 3 of these from Best Buy.
This kindle was a great price. It is easy to work and great for kids.
Easy to use,access books,love the apps,clear pict.
I you're a part of the amazon world - i.e. prime. This is incredible for the price - it just works and you can add memory to the 8gb for bringing along videos if you not on the web.
For someone on the go this is ideal for eliminating the hastle of always keeping your phone on a charger. Lasts several days if you have charged it!! Family member goes to school in Canada and always traveling. Ideal for this individual, works phenomenal. Will only take the charger supplied but if an additional is required you may substitute with others out there (ps4) if in a pinch it works.
I bought this for my 7 yo and I highly recommend it. You can set a timer for learning activities they have to meet before they can play games. Easy to use and the size is perfect.
Got this for My Mom for downloading books and games, she LOVES it, very easy to set up and use, Great product!!
Will recommend this product.Easy to use, fast and efficient
This particular Kindle Fire is simply great for the price. I use it basically for reading ebooks and web news, emails, and streaming movies, as well as playing a few electronic games. It is so compact and lightweight that I can take it with me pretty much everywhere. I don't really use the camera feature since I have a much better, professional grade camera.
Throw it in the backseat for long car rides and you're golden
I purchased this for my wife for Mother's Day as the screen on her phone was too small! She thoroughly enjoys it and uses it daily! Just what she wanted and needed!
very easy to use,and also easy to handle, portable,with a news app. very informative! I would raccomend this tablet to anyone that craves portability. great also for prime members.
This item makes a great gift. It's small and very affordable compared to other 7 inch tablets. Navigating the tablet and closing apps are a bit of a learning curve.
Bought it for my 14 year old daughter who is autistic. She had no problems figuring out how to work the tablet. She's on it everyday!
I bought this for my mom because it is easy to use and she is able to play her games and and keep in contact with her friends and family with social media
It's small but gets the job done, I love it cause it fits right in my purse. It holds a charge for days when not in use
Small and lightweight. Easy to use! I can read, search the web or check in on social media on this device.
This Tablet is awesome and so Powerful and easy to use
I had a first-generation one and still in good shape. I purchased this new one mainly because of its updated OS 5. It seems also lighter. The performance is quite satisfactory. The SD feature is an important upgraded feature to the previous model. The only drawback is its over-simplified wrapping, even simpler than most low-end smart phones.
I bought this for my mother during Mother's Day and I got a $10 off.Overall I paid around $42 for the tablet. Best tablet money can buy. It includes YouTube,Pandora and all the other good apps you get on a normal cell phone. I bought other cheap tablets on the past for a much higher price and less the quality.
This Tablet is amazing in low budget which has all good stuffs like dual camera, memory and free Amazon underground application
Love my new kindle fire. The price was very reasonable.
It was time to upgrade and I'm happy with my choice.
Tablet is very good. Initial setup was easy.It connects fast to wireless network. There is also not much blotware installed. Verry good tablet for basic needs.
Very good product. Portable and easy use. User friendly.
I like the camera is good and it's very fast wifi work awesome
I purchased 2 Kindle Fires one as a gift & one for me & liked them so much that I wanted to get one for my daughter & 5 yr old granddaughter - my daughter said she has not yet gotten a chance to use it but my granddaughter loves it! You can do just about everything on the Kindle that you can do on a laptop or desktop! Very happy with them. Might have to get another one for my daughter!
Excellent quality and super easy to use. I love that you can expand the memory. Can't beat it for the price!!
Got this as a gift for my mom for mothers day. Its simple and easy enough to use and provides great performance for its price range.
I bought this like 2 months and it's perfect, fast and durable My kids play YouTube all the timeThey love their tablet.
My nephews are always playing with my smartphone so I bought this for them and they are happy to have their own device to play with.
I decided to purchase this tablet because my 2 year old son refused to play with his leap frog tablet. He's happy with it and takes it everywhere with him including daycare. Great price!!!!
My kid loves this thing. Everything is easy to download and easily accessible for my 5 year old. Also pretty fun for myself if l can ever get ahold of it from her. Lol.
It was an amazing deal for my little cousin. This is a great tablet!!
I got a Great price for an 8g Amazon Fire tablet. It works great. It works for what I need it for.
My grandchild grabbed it and giggled. I love anything that makes a loved one happy.
This tablet is much faster than my 2012 Nexus 7, a perfect replacement at a great price.
Not too big not too small. He can take he tablet for long rides so he's not bored and also learn with it.
I love my new kindle! I can read books, read email, shop online and play games!
Read books, shop, browse the Internet. Just what I need it for. Great tablet. I bought one for me and one as a gift. We both love it!
Best price cant complaint, super fast really responsive and if you have an amazon prime account the best.
I had the original Kindle Fire 8.9 inch and then upgraded to the Kindle Fire 10". I purchased one of these as a gift for a couple of family members. I setup these tablets and I was surprised that for the price how fast it was and it has the same apps and pretty much functionality of my 10". The screen resolution isn't as good as a higher priced tablet. But, for $49 it's great! Even if you have a tablet already this makes for a good one just to throw in the bag with you when your out and about. I use Kindle tablets primarily for media and entertainment purposes (Amazon Prime Movies, Netflix, Hulu, and the News stand).
My husband set the Kindle for our grandson and he just loves it. Now he can read every day as well as play games, also he watches videos.
I loved the kindle fire so much that I purchased a second one for my husband.
I purchased three for my children and so far it's been a little over a month and they are still fully intact and bright and working. The speakers are loud, quality of the housing is very durable and the screen isnt scratch resistant but a screen protector can handle that. Charging is quick and the port is still very durable. The volume and home button is easy to handle and the response of the screen is still very well. The colors of the screen with games and movies is awesome. Children love it and my husband and I do as well. We catch ourselves playing as well. Lol
It is a great product! Strongly recommend a must have!
Really nice product surprise about how great and fast it works
I bought this kindle before travelingin Asia for 6 weeks. I didn't want to bring any expensive electronics I case anything happened. This tablet did everything I hoped and more. It was perfect for reading and keeping in touch with people back home.
Great, would recommend this to anyone!!! My husband will not put it down! He loves it! I also have one! The price a Best Buy was excellent!!!
Excellent value and good WiFi access Video quality excellent
I got this for $39.99 and it is a great tablet for the price. Check online for directions on how to add the Google Play store for even more app options.
Trusted brand, great quality tablet. Great for what I use it: browsing, FB, some puzzle games etc
This tablet exceeded my expectations I thought it would be just a cheap tablet but it does more than a Thaler I bought for 200 buck great smart buy
Dad loves it love love love it love it love it love
With the 64G micro card I was able to load lot of my music. Use it in my truck with a Braven HD Bluetooth speaker.
Nice for working out or spending time on the riverbank. Great product.
I own 4 of these.Great learning experience for kids. Also great for me as well...all in one gadget!! Everyone in the family is satisfied
I love it, very user friendly! Great for the kids, lots of aps, great purchase and great price!
I bought these for my son and I'm very happy with my purchase. They can do everything on these that they need to do and The Price is Right in case they drop them in water
It's not the fanciest tablet out there but it does everything I need it to do and does it well. It was on sale for 39 bucks! I already got my money's worth. Great buy
Love the size and weight of this. I read my Amazon books and comics on here and am always impressed with how easy to use.
Great addition for reading on the go and shopping online. Compact and good battery life
Upgraded from an original Kindle. Absolutely love it. Even better than my wife's Kindle PaperWhite.
works for my purposes. It is easy to use and easy for my kids to use
I am extremely satisfied with this tablet for the price I paid. It was inexpensive and it works wonderfully. I recommended it to my sister who also purchased one.
Bought this as an adjunct to an older Kindle and so that I can also access four email accounts easily from one place while traveling. Screen is bright and makes reading easy. Item is small enough to get into my carry-on bag and I can pull it out and read emails from my personal accounts and my business accounts. I have also purchased the extra memory to download more movies.
My mom really likes this tablet. It has a much bigger screen for her to stream her news shows. She is very happy with her first tablet.
I was very surprised by the quality and speed of this tablet, since it was only $40! I would highly recommend. Good for kids too - don't spend the extra money for the kid version, just buy them this one.
Purchase this tablet for my brother who is handicapped. Mostly so you can watch videos off of YouTube. Pretty easy for him to understand how to use a tablet. Quality of the screen and speakers are pretty decent. Really good value for how much it costs.
I love my Amazon Fire tablet. It's the perfect size to carry in my purse. I shopped around and compared prices prior to my purchase. Best Buy had the lowest price and their customer service was excellent.
I love my new kindle. My husband bought it for me to replace the first kindle that came out. This one is so light to hold. I use it for reading, surfing the web, and listening to music, I am sure it does more. I highly recommend this kindle.
Great product and so affordable...easy to operate and download programs.
Bought the Kindle fire for reading and for my kids gaming apps. Very user friendly with quick and easy access to amazon shopping
I wanted a different gadget with a unique featured searchshopp and reading capacity.
I have other kindle and got this just so everyone has access to all of our prime membership features. And so they would leave my kindle HD alone.lol. Easy setup and straightforward intuitive to use.
Great graphics! Great battery. Bought for my nephew and he loved it!
Nice product for the price , very good tablet for beginners
My child is very satisfy with his tablet. He really enjoy watching videos and play games. Is worth it.
Bought tablet for my 4 yr old daughter very easy to set up and works awesome .
I'm really enjoying my kindle fire 7 in tablet!Love,love,love my kindle! Operating system handles smoothly and screen graphics are Amazing!!I am definitely happy with my decision to buy this product and I would recommend it to everyone!
This is a great tablet for its price and it has many uses
Perfect gift for the grandkids. They have great parental controls. I would recommend it for anyone looking for a great gift for any age.
It was a gift. I was told that it is very fast. Easy to use, and a lot of available apps.
I love this kindle tablet. Its speed is awesome. And its a great device for young children.
great product so good in fact I bought 4 of them. 3 as gifts and they love thiers too.
Gave this to my wife for her birthday and she's very happy with it.
We purchased 3 tablets before settling with this one. The parental controls are great, easy enough for my 4 year old to play on. Just bought another one for my 7 year old.
This tablet works great for the price. This is my backup tablet for traveling since at the price is easy to replace
This was the best thing to happen for me and my family with the way you can set up the kid mode is awesome and the overall functionality of it is very easy
I had no Idea that this device would be so much fun to use. It's not an iPad mini but in many respects works just as well. It is the best $50 I've ever spent. I was able to root this tablet and install a custom rom which makes this even better. Its nice to know that you do not have to spend a fortune for a big name brand device to get the same quality Android experience.
Over all, my grandchildren are happy with their tablets.
This is amazing for the price. I purchased this for a teenager and he loves it.
I like the size and quality of the picture screen. user friendly, and apps are good. nice to have a library at your fingertips.
I got it for my kids and they love it they play with it every day
I bought it for my 4 year old nephew. He is able to use it with ease. Its a great product for the pirce
Great product for a great price. Would highly recommend
Good tablet for my grand kid had to replace defective one, but otherwise great gorgeous his use
Very portable. Easy to use. Well worth the price..
Great product purchased for my elderly parents. Very user friendly and inexpensive!
My nieces and nephews love it. Even my 40 yrs old cousin got one and he is thrilled about it. Really easy to use.
comfortable to hold while reading, not easy to rotate.
great tablet and great price that I purchase 3 for all my children. They have no complaints. And if it breaks I can easily afford buying a new one.
Does the job for a 50 dollar tablet. I used it to watch movies and music. Worked great for that. Get it!
Build quality-- very impressive, this is not a cheap feeling device. it has a nice weight, and is very solid feeling.
There are definitely better tablets out there but being able to read books, surf the internet and play games for $50 is a no brainer.
This is a simple tablet - light and very portable for a child. There are many free apps available and they work fine on this tablet.
Can't say anything bad about it. Great price and a great deal. Does everything that my grandfather needs such as reading, internet and fun games to pass time.
By far the best small tablet for the money that I could ever find. I bought one for my niece three years ago and she absolutely loves it a great buy.
Great way to have all of my text books in one and read on the go
I purchased this as a temporary tablet after my old one died. Now, I have no desire to buy a different tablet any time soon. For the price, it is great. It does everything that I require a tablet to do, especially after paying the $15 on Amazon to disable ads. Well worth the price.
my kids like them so much i buy 3 of them and i got a real good deal on them
The price was right, and my grandkids love them! I now own 4 of them, they are simple enough for Grandma to work.
Bought this for my grand daughter. Very easy to navigate. A very good price. No problems at all
I purchased 3 of these at Christmas time for my nieces and nephew and WOW were they pleased! Their Mom & Dads happy also because it freed up their phones & tablets. This is a quality product with a lot of apps for kids and adults alike. Do not hesitate to buy for any age!
If you're looking for an all-in-one device that can surf the web, read e-books, watch videos, and more....look no further. I purchased this tablet for my daughter and she loves it. The price point is perfect too. It does not have HD or Retina display but it's not an issue for me.
Perfect for carrying around with you carefree, for everyday tasks like email, Facebook, reading, news etc you can't beat it
Trying to find a tablet to teach my father in law on who not tech savvy and it's perfect
Bought these for my boys and they love them! Tons of features and battery to keep the boys playing!
It's a great tablet, I ended up buying two more!!!
I find this satisfies my desire for a book reader and small tablet at an excellent price ($39.95 - on special sale). It is a version of Android, and will take many but not all android apps. Actually, I haven't used many conventional android apps with it, and none of them has failed to work. I have been able to use Bluetooth accessories such as keyboard and powered external speaker. I would buy this again, and actually have. But the second time is as a gift.
Easy set up, basic tablet, outstanding price. Plus you get all the great features and access to Amazon content. Great selection of apps and several parental control options for children (If you're looking for those controls)
Comes in handy at work; allows for quick online pizza orders; has great games available; and helps me pass time reading a book when visiting the doctor.
Bought the Kindle for my grandkids they just love they play with it all the time they use it to read books play games they just love it
Got this for my grandson who cannot put it down. So nice to give a gift that is truly enjoyed!
I love my Fire. I can do so much with it plus read my books and be online also
Serves my daily needs for email, local newspaper, and favorite apps -- like Pinterest, Instructibles, eBay, YouTube, Facebook, etc.Easy to use, convenient size & weight, great quality screen resolution and sound.
I bought this when I was going on a trip and figured I needed something to read on the airplane and while sitting in the sun. I am pleased that I am able to read books but also have check email and be on internet. It is like a hand held computer and I love it. Great for when traveling and I am going to enjoy reading books and drinking my morning coffee on the deck at the lake this summer. Does everything a Kindle Fire does but costs so much less.
I love reading my books on it. It is comfortable to hold for long periods of time. I have prime so the music is great. I carry it with me everywhere
We had gotten some of the other Kindle fire tablets and they were all great to use. This one is no exception.
We bought these for the kids and they just love them. With the parental controls on it we don't have to worry about where they go on the Internet.
This product is easy to use for beginners and has all the features and applications available for download like other expensive tablets.
I love the amazon tablets because you can get some many free kids games. My kids use this tablet all the time. Very reliable.
I am not very tech savvy. This table has been very user friendly. I have called for support & the staff were very helpful.
Bought it for my wife. Handy to read while exercising.
This tablet was a gift for my mothers she is not into tech stuff she found it very user friendly and easy to navigate
I bought this for my mom so she could play her games and do Facebook...she was having a hard time seeing them on her phone. She absolutely loves her tablet. She carries it everywhere. A great purchase. I would buy it again and again for her joy. Well worth the money. A big hooray to Amazon and Best Buy!
Awesome for young and old can work anywhere hooks up everywhere and kid friendly
I have been wanting a tablet and numerous family members suggested the Amazon Fire tablet. I was afraid that the 7" size would not be large enough but it is working out perfectly for me! It's size makes it extremely easy to carry and the graphics are amazing. I am sooo happy that I decided to get this tablet. It truly is a (forgive the pun) "Best Buy"
This tablet is a great back up tablet for the money............
I have been a book fan and was surprised how much I love this.
I wanted a cheap e-reader that I could use also as an Android tablet if I wanted to. This fitted the bill, especially as a daily deal. It does what I wanted it to and at a very good price.
These are great little tablets when you get a working one. I had to call Amazon to return 3 times because they kept sending new faulty ones. Dead pixels on 3 out of 5 fires and also the screen had yellow tint and looked blown up or zoomed in making the text blurry. I had to keep 2 of the yellow tinted ones because that was better than dead pixels. I just ordered 2 more fires and hoping I don't get the same problems.Other than that they work super fast and the feel is sturdy and of high quality and makes it feel better in your hand than an iPad mini. We love this fire! *I have a transformer, iPad mini retina, Sony Reader, kindle hd 8.9, a note 4, a Sony z3, iPhone 6s, Galaxy s3 and s4 and LG G4 to compare with.Overall, this tablet is the perfect size and will not disappoint. And the new OS is much nicer than the older kindles.
For the price you can not buy anything better! It's great! It's easy! And I would by more any day!
I love this tablet! Great price and it gives the ability for the user to do so much!
Bought 3 of these for the family and it's been awesome.
As a full time student, I wanted a budget tablet that would let me read pdf files, open class notes and powerpoint presentations. I got the fire 7 when it was on sale for 39.99. It does what I wanted and more. I use it for class and to kill time between classes with games, movies, and youtube. Battery will last two days of constant use, the size is perfect and fits my pant pocket (back). Overall great buy. Only downfall is the volume to my headphones, I found it to be quite low, but for the price, good enough.
was just the right size for my husband.and was just what he wanted.was a very good buy for him.thanks alot.
Great price for a very basic tablet. Well worth the $$$
I use this as a large mp3 player. you can buy a memory card to expand this unit. i put in 128gb card and have put 1000's of songs and still have not use up all the memory unlike my Ipad that fills up fast and has no way of expanding the memory.
I am loving my new kindle fire! It is so easy to use, and downloading is a breeze! The connectivity is great also
Love this tablet. It's perfect for kids, teens, and adults. I have 5 in my home. We all love them. Perfect for searching the Internet, playing games, keeping up with the news and TV shows you love. It connects right to my fire stick and I watch movies without hooking up all kinds of cables. Could not believe the price. Best bargain on a quality tablet. Thanks Best Buy!!
Bought two of these for both of my kids. They absolutely love them!!!
The scene is flawless and is fast when looking stuff up
Great price for a great tablet. I would give it a thumbs up!
I bought two of this tablets and they are great tablets with the best prize in the market.
I would have to say that I've been impressed with this entry level tablet from Amazon, I personally really enjoy my Kindle HDX (which is a much higher class of tablet then this one), but for the Kids this tablet has been perfect. Good battery life, enough performance and storage for reading and entertainment and at less than $50 it has the quality that you can't find in the knock off brands at the same price point ... and when caught on sale you can sometimes even get this little e-reader for less than $40. Well worth every penny.
It's easy to use and downloading apps for learning and educational resources are very easy. I will recommend this tablet to everyone for their child.
Bought this for my son and he is enjoying it everyday. user friendly
The Amazon Fire was a great price and exceeded my expectations.The picture is so sharp.
The kindle has done everything that was in the review and great price. Very easy to use.
I bought this for my daughter who has Down's Syndrome. It was an inexpensive first time tablet for her. She absolutely loves it and is always watching her shows and videos. It is easy for her to navigate and understand.
its an excelent talber for the best price in market
Works great for everyday use. The family loves it.
This is a great tablet for kids and is very easy to set up.
I really like this tablet. Its fast and responsive and just the right size.
I bought one for my 7 year old and one for my 3 year old. I love that I completely control the content and time use. It's easy to use, and small enough for kids to hold.
I bought this Kindle for my grandson and my son wanted one as well. They really enjoy using their Kindle's for all types of entertainment and downloading apps to play games. Keeps them entertained for hours. It was a great buy!
This is my first tablet. I has been fun learning how to use it. Great price.
This is an excellent tablet for someone who just needs something simple and doesn't want to spend a lot of money. One of my favorite features is the fact that there is a memory card slot, which means that you can have virtually endless memory. This was an important feature for me since my iPad does not allow that.
i bought for my niece and really amazing and working very good.
This was a really good bargain for the price. It was easy to set up. This device is easy to use and has many good functions.
Decided to get this tablet for my nephews 4th birthday present. Was a great choice. Easy for him to use and navigate, great speakers, and cool programs for kids. Very happy I got him this one out of the others I was looking in to. Would highly recommend this to anyone who wants their computer, table, or cellphones back from the little ones. Lol :)
Wife had one for years, she recommended one to a friend for her birthday and her husband purchased this one for her.
I have four siblings and it keeps them quiet days they're home
It is perfect for everything I need to be able to do on the go.
Wanted a nice Reader, this is it for under $50!!!!
I purchased this item during the Black Friday at Best Buy, not only was it dirt cheap at the time of the purchase, But my kids also love it as well. The great thing is that I am also able to monitor what they download and purchase without me having to get the tablet.
well worth the money, it's just a pretty well thought out tablet, the interface is designed well enough for a child to a grandmother to use with relative ease.it's also powerful enough to play a great variety of fun, good looking games. which is pretty amazing at this price point.
I bought this tablet for my grandson as a birthday present. You can set time a child use it and what your child can view on the Internet
For the money, this is one of the nicest Kindle Readers I have seen. This is so powerful, I can do a lot more than read books.
we bought the amazon fire for my daughter. works great
This is ideal for the gift. For the price, the performance is satisfactory. Loads of apps and games. Definitely, this tablet is for everyone. Perfect for browsing, gaming, music, and learning.Battery comes okay. Build quality is satisfactory. For the price range, it is must to have.
This is a great tablet at a great price! It was easy to set up.
It was a birthday gift for my son. He loves it and I use it from time to time. I would recommend it and the price is nice.
My kids love theirs. No problem out of this tablet.
Had to get a few inexpensive tablets for my kids so far and the battery life on this is great! Speed of apps is good as well.
I love it and my two year old loves it to I love that it has parental locks on it
My kindle fire has been easy to use and allows me to read several books and magazines at a time with out the clutter.
I love this tablet,great for reading and keeping up with my emails.
This is a great easy to use tablet! Very affordable!
The Kindle Fire 7" is a very nice reader. I love how small and light it is.
I've had this tablet for a week now and I love it. Im not the most gadgetly inclined person but I do know what I wanted/needed from a tablet and I must say my expectations have been met & exceeded. When the price drops again to what I paid for it, im definitely buying another. Christmas shopping never starts too early!!
Bought it for my mom, she like to play games in her tablet is it is perfect.
This tablet is a great value for the price. You can have multiple accounts on the same tablet, and pick which apps are available on the account for your kid.
Bought this for our 9 year old daughter and she loves it! Easy to use and kid friendly.
They love it and when they are here that's all they want to do but I do limit their time on it.
This is the second Kindle i have had. This has all the features that i need-It has my email, it is easy to read, it is easy to take wherever I go, it also has the books on it that i love to read. It has the further capability of taking pictures and has its own calendar. I recommend it to anyone.
Most tablets i've tried really stink, but this one is ok. Wish it had google though.
Wonderful product!! User friendly and if help is needed, online support is available.
We wanted something you could read books on and watch shows through amazon and hulu. This meets those needs and then some.
The tablet is just the right size. The games are fun and has so many other uses
The ease of the touch screen makes for easy use with arthritis old granny nurse
Best bang for the buck. Can't be beat for reading. The best bookstore and readers experience.
First off you can't go wrong with the price, $50 (or if you can even catch it on sell) is a steal for any piece of Tech. Now I've seen people compare this to an ipad or samsung tablet, which you can't. This doesn't have retina display or anything like that, But for the price point it does a good job. I've had mine since the black firday sell and its still been working really good. I also got one for my mom and my nephew. I generally use mine for emails and amazon orders along with reading the time to time book, netflix, and the few games that I've purchased. My mom and nephew use it mainly to play games. If your looking for retina display or something with apple or andriod features and don't mind the extra $150 or $300 bucks by all means I suggest getting one of the higher end tablets. But I can't complain with this new Amazon fire 7 as it works just as good for me. I'd recommend buying a sd card however if you want a little extra space.
Love my Kindle! It's perfect for my Netflix obsession late at night! Great size and picture quality!
It's work very well for a child got for my 8 year old she love it
i bought this tablet because I didn't want to spend over a 100$ on a tablet that would not get much use. I use it mostly to read books and articles online. It has a brightness reducing function which is really great.
I love this tablet for alot of reasons..Expandable memory slot of up to 128 mb SD card for music in the car an anywhere..Netflix for every1 in the family.Perfect for the 3 year olds phonics an movie time..
This is a great tablet at a affordable price!! It's perfect for the kids and as well for adults, what you waiting for? Go to Best Buy and get one!
I was looking for a tablet that I could carry in my purse. This Kindle Fire is perfect. I pair it with my hotspot and I'm online in a jiffy. Saves my phone data. I love it.
This kindle is awesome. Great picture fast internet.
Its a quick fast little tablet. Can do a lot of stuff a normal tablet does.
Very good tablet, great options and features for the price.
I love it!!! This product has been awesome for my 8 year old
This is a excellent item for kids. And better then spending 100+ for another tablet.
My mother-in-law loves her tablet! I purchased it at a great price as well.
I bought this tablet for my grandson who loves it. He can download books to read and play games as well. He carries it with him wherever he goes. Has really enjoyed having his own tablet.
Does everything I need really well. I do both of my email accounts, read all of the news and sports I want, and do light research. It's plenty fast and the screen resolution is just fine. Amazing for the price.
Best Buy makes it easy. No problems. I am a Best Buy Geek.
I love it. Great product.My son loves it. It is great for kids and adults.
It's not really an Android device as everything is Amazon centric. Not a massive problem unless you want to integrate with Google products such as ChromeCast. You also can't switch off tracking features and use add blockers, the lock screen even has an advert! However if you can put up with that then it is a great little tablet with excellent performance.
Bought a gift for my mom. She absolutely loved it! Great purchase. Great price! No complaints.
My daughter loves her tablet and it's great for movies and games!
I bought it for my kid and he has loved it. Would recommend.
Seamless transition from old device. Easy to use. Completely happy.
This is an amazing item for the money. Cheaper then my first scientific calculator many years ago.
I have older versions of the kindle fire, and I bought this one to replace my daughter's "aging" kindle-which she uses constantly. This one has 2 camera phones, one rear and one front, compared to her one that has just one (rear). Also, the graphics are better and it has more MG than her old one, which is great because she pretty much maxed out her other one. She uses it to read, play games, and do homework (even can check her grades online). All around, it is quick to turn on rather than using a computer to get what she needs for easy homework (online research, calculator, etc.) and a lot more portable when traveling!
Excellent value great apps and movies. the price was perfect.
This is a great budget tablet. Don't expect it to compare to an iPad, but it's great for the kids!
The tablet is durable and great for kids. The best part is the parental control.
I purchased this TAB as a gift for a family member. They are very happy with this product and it's features. The applications that come with this product are great. Happy to be a part of the amazon fire family.
Very easy and dependable. It fits perfect in a purse or pocket to take to work to use on breaks.
Bought it for my niece over the Christmas and she absolutely loves it. Was worried about the quality since it was so cheap but it turned out great. As a matter of fact the quality was fantastic and easy to use too. Money well spent.
I really enjoy using the Fire 7 tablet. It is light weight and fits in my purse for caring around. Now I always have a good book to read.
Bought for my kids for Christmas and they both love them. Bought one for each kid.
A gift for my grandsons. They love it! Easy to use
Great for kids of all ages, purchased two tablets and they love them..
Great for a kids first tablet! Great for watching movies, playing games and reading books.
This tablet was a gift for my nephew who is 10, great gift where he can use it to get on the internet. It works well for what he is using it for.
This was a gift for my sister. She never had a reader or tablet. Now she has both. Easy to use, nice size for traveling. great price!
Got this for Christmas gifts for a few people and each say they love this tablet . For the price it's great .
i bought this for my niece and she seems to love. It was easy to set up, but a little different to navigate from other android devices. she mainly uses it for netflix, but sometimes i catch my sister player finding nemo on it.
bought this as a gift so i can't speak on how it functions. however, i researched all kinds of tablets online before purchasing this and it was a great deal
I bought this for my family for Christmas. It is wonderful.
I bought 2 fires for my children and they were a great purchase. They aren't expensive and they are easy to maunuver through even for kids. They love them.
Mom and Dad already have Kindles. It was time for the 9-year-old to have one of her own. This was perfect: Great size and an even greater price!
This was purchased for my 14 year old grand daughter and she loves it. The Kindle Fire does everything she needs it to do. We are very pleased.
They're happy and it keeps them entertained for hours
Great tablet great price no complaints definitely great.
Gave this as a gift for my daughter so she can read and now she loves it.
It's great - each of my kids received one last month for Christmas (ages 8, 12, 15). We gave it to them mostly for reading and they love them. Yes the younger two game on them and watch their shows as well, but most of the time I "catch" them reading. I thought the ads would bug them but they only appear when you initially turn on the device and that's it. No one's said a thing. Good screen quality too. We purchased a 32g SD card for each tablet for more storage.
Gave to my mom for Christmas. She had an older kindle, loves the fire, too. Has more features. She is happy.
This is perfect for someone who likes to read or just have another device to surf the web with quickly other than a cell phone. Great value.
Awesome tablet kids loved it they can't drop it they use it for games videos and homework
Very good and easy to handle the price was very good
Use it every night to watch amazon television in bed, play games, read books. Great item.
This Amazon Fire Tablet is a great tablet and very affordable.
I love my new tablet. The size is just right and love that I can access the internet or play games anytime, anywhere!
Very happy with this tablet. My grandchildren love it!!
Good tablet for the price. It is fast, battery life is ok.
this amazon fire table is a great bargain. its not a top of the line table and you can tell since the moment you see the price tag but for that price does a whole lot! day to day regular use or just for kids and people that dont really care about some extra features that flagship tablet bring its amazon!
This is my second one. I love it. The price was great. Bought one for my daughter.
This tablet is wonderful and a great value. It's performance is fast
great tablet, we love it, great for family with kids
A nice tablet for the price. No a-lot of meaningful competition at this price range, which makes the Fire tablet an easy selection for the price conscious buyer.
This tablet is the perfect size and power for any work or home use.
Bought the Amazon Fire 7 inch tablet on a BF whim while standing in the checkout line. Glad I did. Nice and compact. Fast. I'm using it daily and finding I can do more with it than I thought I could.
Affordable, versatile and easy to use whether it is for e-reading or searching the web.
Got 2 of these for my grandsons and they love them.
I bought five of these for ages 4 to 14. They all loved them and were up and using them within 5 minutes. Was their favorite gift!!!
This new Kindle is very well built. Finally amazon got away from making the Kindles use a carousel to browse through apps. The speakers are of great quality and are very loud. This kindle is also extremely durable compared to nearly every tablet on the market. I've dropped this about 5 times already on my tile floor and there is virtually no damage.
This is the best tablet I have ever owned. Everyone in my house now have one. Lightweight and perfect for reading e-books, playing games or just about anything. It even has parental controls. Very easy to use.
Great Christmas gift for a young adult. She loved it
Great little tablet. Exactly what we needed for our daughter. It works great around the house and she can play games while we roadtrip. Perfect for our needs.
Just bought as a travel companion. Something to watch movies and play games on. So far it has been great. The picture is great. It's really clear.
Purchased this tablet for a nephew and they have thoroughly enjoyed it. They are able to do anything they want with it as well as it being an amazon product they have plenty of options to choose from when it comes to the games they want to play.
The navigation on the tablet is easy to use. Its great for streaming movies. light weight and compact.
My husband has been a kindle fan from the first generation. This one was purchased on Black Friday for a discounted cost and using BB points. So, it was a great deal for a Christmas gift given to my mother in law. Great intro level tablet and for someone who reads more than works on their tablet.
The Kindle Fire is a great tablet. It has lots of games and apps. My daughter loves it.
The service and shopping experience was great. The products are amazing.
huge visual improvement for my on the go use. works just fine.
Love, Love, Love, my hubby absolutely loves his new Kindle fire. Great picture and easy to use.
It's very light, comfortable to handle and very responsive.
At first I didn't think this equipment was of much value when someone pointed it out to me. However after I got to thinking about it, I considered how much easier it would be to use as opposed to the keyboard. After using it, I've found that's not only is it much easier & faster, it's much more accurate as well.
This is a great first tablet for someone. Very inexpensive and has everything you want on it
Love this tablet. Easy to use. Battery life great!
I purchased 2 of the Amazon Fire and I am very pleased not only with the product but the price was fantastic. The children are thrilled and they have found it very easy to operate.
This tablet exceeded my expectations in so many ways! Bought the first a couple months ago for my son's 5th birthday, at this price, i wouldnt be heartbroken if he broke it. Then i got one for my niece, planning to get 2 more, see how excited i am about it? Well worth the price!!
Granddaughter loved it! It was a present for Christmas.
Love my tablet best one so far. It's light weight and easy to use.
We got a great holiday deal on this tablet. The set up was easy and it made a great gift.
The tablet was great, the performance and the price is excellent.
this is our go to when we are shopping online. It also has a very good functionality when dealing with kids it gives the admin the ability to limit what kids can see.
great for teen agers and easy to use and set up small enough to take as you travel lots off apps to choose from long battery life as well would buy again and would reckomend this to every one even at a great price as well
Great for kids and adults looking for a quick tablet. Was surprised at how fast it downloads games and etc.
A fantastic tablet for the price. It's not HD but the display is very sharp and vibrant. A great tablet for kids and teens.
Great for the price - $50. I just wanted something to surf the net from my couch and this is perfect. I haven't tried using it as a reader yet.
Great apps for music and overall very fast and satisfying.
I wasn't expecting much for the price but I really enjoy using it. I mainly play games on this device. I would totally recommend this device to anyone.
My kids love the Amazon fire.Great for all ages, love parent control option. Great for every day on the go use. From movies,games , reading, and even to keep track of emails and friends. :0)
I bought this on Black Friday because of the $35 price. I wanted one since I enjoyed using my wife's. This one is a little smaller than hers, but it works wonderful. I have a lot of books downloaded & about 5 games. It has 8gb of memory so it can't handle a ton of games. It can handle those no problem. I really enjoy reading on this before bed and when I need to pass time.
I purchased this for my 8 year old son, and he loves it. He can read his favorite books and play his games. Great for both education and games!
The Kindle fire is a great product. Will do so many things. Would recommend to anyone.
This is an awesome little inexpensive tablet. It isn't the fastest but it gets the job done well. I just surf the web and watch videos online. I also downloaded the Spotify app and listen to music. Next I'll download Netflix. It gets the job done very well.
Super great deal! Can't get a tablet for this price anywhere! Kids love it!
I purchased these for my grandchilden and they have really enjoyed using them and downloading new games to play.
Paid $35 on sale. This tablet offers great capability for most people. Very good item for Amazon Prime members. Not the greatest specs but works fine. The ads aren't too annoying. The micro-SD slot allows you to put lots of music/video on this unit.
My daughter loves her new tablet no complaint she is happy and doing well I will probably buy one for me
This is a great tablet for its price point. The Apps are easy to use and the durability of the tablet is great.
I love my new Amazon 7" Tablet..I think its the perfect size and now I can do everything on it, from checking email to watching NETFLIX. Theres tons of apps to get and lots of kindle books to download. I did purchase a 32gb card after reading other reviews but I havent needed it so far .
This is fourth one.As I upgrade I give my old ones to my kids and bought some for the family.
great tablet for the price ! my 9 year old daughter loved it !!
This is a great tablet for kids or if you just want something to mess around on
The tablet is up to date technology. My daughter surf the internet fast and no slow download.
Very small and handy, very easy to use, and Perfect for travel.
Love it and would definitely recommend! Has great picture
We bought these kindles for a gift for the kids on Black Friday. The price was amazing and they are durable. I know we will get our money out of them. I love that there is parental control, you can password protect areas where you don't want the kids to discover yet. Overall, great value for the price.
The box was well protected and shipping was on time, very satified
The the price and size it works well my mother loves it
It downloads any book you want, I'm an Amazon prime customer with books unlimited and I love reading any book I want as many time I want for just 9.99 a month. The kindle is just the right size and shows grrreeat!
I have been quite impressed with what a wonderful tool my new Kindle is for such a low price! My wife loves it!!
I purchased this for my 3yr old and he loved it. No problems once so ever. For the price it was a still.
The person who received this tablet is very happy she received this gift!. She loves having it.
Bought it on Black Friday for my aunt who isn't very technologically inclined. All she does is check her emails and watch videos on Netflix/Youtube. Works great for simple tasks such as that.
Christmas gift for my nieces & they absolutly loved them.....
Good tablet for the price. Easy to use. User friendly
Gave as gift works good so far, others have one and have enjoyed
I checked out several other brands before I bought this one. In my opinion this is the best product for the price. It was easy to set up and easy to use. It opened a new door of entertainment possibilities.
Just love my new tablet. I have had a kindle fire for 4 years and it was messing up badly so I needed a new one badly.
This was the perfect gift for my Neice and nephew I bought two
This tablet is extremely easy to use. There are a wide selection of books and apps available.
Very easy to operate. It is a great size, and light weight. It is good for games, books, and pictures. I love it!
I bought this Kindle for my 14-yr old daughter, Kennedy. She hates it so it's now mine! I love how small it is-fits in my handbag perfectly!
I really happy and satisface with all my thingsThank you so much..
Works great also love how it it capable of more storage and child proof
For the price even without the Black Friday price of $35 this is a solid tablet. The new UI for Amazon tablets is much better and it runs smooth. Apps are butter and there is no lag in navigation of the home screen or between apps. I bought this for my little sisters ages 5 & 7 and my parents love the parental controls limiting play time on the tablet. The full experience comes only if you have Amazon prime which is also highly recommended
This is great if you need a bigger screen than your phone when you're commuting to and from work on the train or wherever you go
I bought this for my boy, he is too happy to play games and no issues so far.
My daughter is 6 and she plays with everyday and my son had one last year good quality
Recommended great electronic. Great for birthday or Christmas
Really satisfied with my purchase it's a good product for those just starting to get familiar with using tablets. Amazons a good product.
Bought as gifts for my parents. Good tablet for introducing them to smart devices.
I like the amazon stream with this tablet. Fast and good quality.
Got it on Black Friday got a great deal nice little tablet
You can use this for reading, surfing the net, taking pictures. The best deal and product you can get for near nothing. I bought 10 and have them to my now best friends.
I bought 3 of these for my children for christmas and they love them! Great tablet for game apps they have had a blast playing theirs! So far we haven't had any technical issues such as lagging etc. I would highly recommend this to a mom of kids that love to play games this is a perfect purchase for you!
I got this smaller kindle for my kids and I loved it and so did they!
My mom loved it! User friendly even for the non-techie!
Got this for one of my foster kids, he just love it. He cried when he received it. Another satisfied customer. Yea for the Carter home.
She was happy about it and can't get enough of this tablet
I purchased several of these for gifts. Everyone loved them. Works great and easy to use.
Perfect for a little book reader, movie viewer, or small game player. Can't beat it for the price.
We bought this for our second grader. It is great for her practice math apps, her daily reading, and fun time too! Plus it grows with her. As she gets older and likes different games, apps, etc., old stuff is radily erased and new stuff added
I start out with one tablet and love it so much, end up bought 3 more. The tablet is very nice for kids.
We bought 3 of these for niece and nephews and they absolutely love it. The price is very reasonable for the product.
I bought this for my 3 year old daughter. It is a great tablet. She loves it and it works great.
Awesome for the price and great for the kids when you are traveling
This tablet is easy to use. Good for kids. Get a case !
I love this new tablet because it has expandable memory.
Bought a couple of these for gifts. Great for all ages. My 60 year old aunt loves it as does my 12 year old nephew.
We bought the tablet as a gift for my daughter. It has great restrictions. You can set time limits for learning versus playtime. Excellent picture/screen quality.
Amazon Fire Tablet: Catch up on your reading or browse the Web with this tablet, which offers access to Amazon Underground, so you can download apps and games and discover exciting new entertainment. Front and rear cameras let you capture memorable moments or chat with friends
The tablet is going well for me and my son likes the app store
The amazon tables were great Christmas gift the kids love them
Does what they want, games, educational apps, and has parental controls.
I got this to replace my original Kindle just to read ebooks, thinking the back light would be a nice feature. I really didn't think I would use the other features but I have found that I really like being able to check my email & surf the web without lugging my laptop around. My wife has a more expensive tablet but my Fire does everything hers does. I love it!!
I love the Kindle fire. I have a nook from a few years ago and the Kindle has so much more. Very user-friendly, great price!
Bought the fire for both my grandkids. They love being able to surf the web and play games.
The Amazon Fire tablet is easy to use, easy to download books, and I love it
My tablet is great and my kids love it's there Christmas gift. Now they can leave my iPad alone for now on.
This is a wonderful tablet. The processor is fast. I'm able to watch movies with no buffering. Tons of apps. This is an excellent value!
Great tablet great price nice clarity would recommend to others
Bought a 7' kindle on Black Friday for $34.00. What a great price for a great gift..
I ended up getting this Fire for $35 on Black Friday for my youngest son. Great price and great product, easy to use and set up.
First Amazon Fire tablet, previously had a first gen kindle, love this tablet and cannot beat the price $35!Working wonderfully -
This Amazon Fire tablet is an excellent barebones tablet that is great for checking email and surfing ineternet keeping tabs on facebook and twitter! At 50 bucks ya can't go wrong!
I love this little tablet! I can do all my school work on it. Great value.
I ordered these for all of my grandkids. Easy to use. Just turned them on and ready to go.
Movies were great. Would recommend to all my friends and family!
I purchased this tablet to take to my classes. It's very compact and handy!
I purchased this tablet as a gift. It is a nice little tablet for the money!
We love the great products that Amazon offers!!! We can p!lay games and chat with family and friends at the same time. I never considered purchasing the tablet due to cost. However, shopping for holiday season for my family they absolutely love the products.
had the fire hd 7inch reader.. love the new tablet can do so much more and great value for a tablet
Nice tablet for the price. Very easy to use and understand.
It gives me a lot of fun and easy to find what you're looking for something and you don't know what you want!
Great love that I can monitor the time used in certain things
My kids found this very easy to use. The Kindle has great features.
The tablet is not incredibly easy to use and to load stuff onto.
I bought this for my dad for Xmas and I ended it up using it more than him while on vacation and I loved it!
Needed a table to use for reading Kindle books. This one works great. I also purchased on for my daughter. Good selection of games that my grand daughter can play.
The product works well. Great price for the capabilities it offers.
Already own one, loved it so much, bought as a gift for my mother-in-law for Christmas on Black Friday for $35! Can't beat that!
Very nice product. Must buy. It is a great for kids as well.
Bought three of these for a 4, 6, and 10 year olds. I am so glad that it is so simple to use. They love that the can easily find books and games that suit each of their interests. For $34.99, it was so worth it.
I bought this tablet on Black Friday. The price was excellent, and it is easy to use. I would highly recommend as a daily web browser, and especially as a reader.
It has parental controls and it has great picture quality. It also let's you download educational games for kids to learn on.
I shop on amazon and watch Amazon shows. Does great for what I wanted it for.
Cheap reliable tablet easy to figure out. perfect for child or older person to understand.
I bought two kindle fires for my kids and I am thinking about purchasing a third one. I love the micro SD slot and the response of it is great. We have owned them for almost a month now nd is flawless. You can't beat the price anywhere.
It is a great phone for a great price. It has the latest Android Lollipop 5.1.It also has 8Gb. of internal memory.
I love this tablet and it is very nice and reliable and would highly recommend
great products lots good appscompatible with many appsloves the speed and quality of priduct for the money
This basic Amazon Kindle is a great value considering its power and retail price.
I bought 4 of these tablets for Christmas presents. 2 of them were for my 4 and 6 year old grandkids. I love how they have parental controls and how easy they are for the kids to use. We are still browsing the app store to find them games but all the ones they used to use my phone for were found right away.
I got 4 of these tablets for my nieces and nephews and from my understanding they haven't put them done since they got them for Christmas. So that being said I believe they are a great tablet.
Just gave them as gifts for Christmas. I have bought Kindles in the past and have been happy with them. My only disappointment was when I ordered the Kindles, I paid $49.95 only to have the price go to $35.95 2 days later
I really liked it, even though I purchased for my grand daughters. I have a 6 HD Fire, but I liked this one better. With the expansion slot for space
Love the Kindle great for my children...and also for my older kids
It's a great tablet for beginners. It's not ran off gb. So my teen have to have wifi. No bill
Bought it for my 8 year old son. Its good to get him this for a great price, and get him off my iPad...lol.....
The tablet is great for what is being used for gan
Good for my girl she use for reading play app and small carried
I bought this tablet for my son. It's the perfect size for him. It does everything any tablet, or smartphone (minus calling/texting) can do. And you can't beat the price for a name brand tablet.
Got it at a very good price, and it did not disappoint me. Mainly used by my kids, I can set up and control exactly what they can view, read and play. Each one has his own user, so they can personalize their experience with it as well. Works well, does the job, and again, at a very good price.
Love the size and quality. Easy to carry around and good screen quality
I got this for 35 on black Friday which is the best deal for a tablet but still 0 getting this for 50 is a good deal
For some reason I thought seven inches was a lot bigger, probably because I'm a man.
Bought on Black Friday, couldn't complain about the price. I bought 3. One for myself, one for my mom and one for my 4yr old step daughter. My mom loves the large font option. I love being able to browse the Web and watch netflix. My little one loves to play games on, thank goodness for the kid option! Don't have to worry about to going to non-kid-friendly apps/websites.
My son loves this tablet. He can read books and play games on one device.
I purchased this tablet for my own use and have found to work very well expecially for Amazon App Store. Many of the same Google Play store apps can be found on the Amazon App Store. Battery life is good. This is probably one of the best value tablets available!
I bought this as a gift for a girl in the second grade. She maneuvers around on it really good.
We got a great deal on our kindle fire. Perfect gift for young child who wants to play games on a tablet.
its a good product from best buy. I recommend this
Great product at a great price! So glad I bought this!
The best product that I've ever watched a movie on I love the Amazon tablet it's does amazing things
The fire 7 is easy to read books and stuff. The kids love playing games on it. We really love the tablet.
Purchased this as a gift for a first time tablet owner . They loved it ! Great product easy to use!
i brought this to my daugther and she loves it, she can go on netflix, amazon music and youtube easily, good display pretty good volume
I got it during Black Friday so it was an excellent price. It's smaller than an iPad but still an excellent product.
This has been the best cost effective tablet for my kids. Love the easy child protection options
Amazon fire is so awesome I bought two one for myself and one for my daughter who also has an ipad but now she always has her fire tablet with her
I bought this tablet for watching movies and reading books. It is also a great tablet because I can set my children on their own individual side, and set up parental controls
Great tablet for the money! Made for a great Christmas gift
Works very well. it's fast and responsive. When i saw that it's quad core and has micro sd card i snapped it up, and couldn't be happier with it!
Excellent tablet!!! works very fast and esay to get apps
Great tablet!!! works very good and fast. easy to get apps
awesome tablet , great price, everything i wa hoping it would be
The tablet works great, we have several versions of the Kindle, Fire tablets and have never been disappointed. This one is also great, and the price was perfect.
This tablet is great for my kids. small enough for my toddler to hold and watch movies and play her games.
Bought for my son as a bridge between phone and computer. Fits in perfect
This is my second tablet that I have purchased. This one was a gift for other son. He loves it & I recommended it to numerous friends.
Bought one for myself several months ago, have enjoyed it so much, I got one for my Mom and one for my Dad as a Christmas gift, they are not tech savvy, but found it easy to use, are enjoying them very much
Very very good table nice definition and quality I like
Great deal. We bought these so that our niece and nephew could watch movies. We were able to load some movies on a memory card and insert it into the fire. Works great.
Great product and only $40! I purchased 2 of them along with the compatible SanDisk 200gb micro SD cards to max out the storage capability. I was able to copy my child's stored tv shows & moves on to the sd cards from my PC's hard drive, now they can watch their shows on the go, it makes car trips a lot easier!  I also purchased Skullcandy Bluetooth headphones for each of them (got em' for $10 during Christmas). They paired with the Kindle in seconds, no trouble at all. + Kindle's customer support is awesome if you need them, their service is like no other...
I love this product it is simply amazing. I has so many options for adding games and apps.
This is a great price point for this tablet. I bought 3 of them for my family to use to supplement their iPhones. YouTube and Netflix are easier to watch on the tablet's larger screen.
Bought this for my mother for Christmas. I wanted something small enough for her to handle and reliable. Decided a Fire tablet fit the bill. And, Best Buy had plenty in stock!
This tablet is perfect for an adult and kid. It's worth the money. Inexpensive.
Purchased this blue kindle as a gift for my nephew after having one for my kids for a year. It runs great and at that price there are no complains.
Purchased 5 of these for my grandkids ages from 4-9. They were all able to work the tablet easily.
I bought these as Christmas presents for my grandparents and they love them!
great tablet for a beginner .easy to use,fast.perfect for kids
I purchased this to give it a try, man it is great. It's a very reliable and responsive tablet. Connects to wifi very well and doesn't have buffering issues, as of yet anyway.I set up his and hers accounts but wish I would have bought two so when we both want to use it at the same time.
As I stated before, excellent gift for the grandkids.
Easy to use. Great price for a starter Tablet! I bought 3, 1 for me & 2 as Christmas Gifts for Family. It feels good with the Spirit of Giving when You know they use them everyday. :)
I bought this for my granddaughter and she absolutely loves it!! The reviews were excellent
I have had an older version of this Kindle and I really like it! I decided to buy one for my sister, as we share a love of reading. She was very surprised and immensely pleased!
Was given as a gift to someone who needed something simple. The price was great for what it can be used for!
We purchased this TV for a guest room/office. It has an excellent picture and great sound.
We bought this for my daughter.. She love it too much.. And it's the best tablet for the price..
I purchased this tablet as a gift for my 7 year old grandson. He is thoroughly enjoying watching his favorite YouTube videos and playing minecraft.
I purchased this for my cousin as a Christmas gift and she just loved it. I couldn't believe that a $39 tablet could do so much.
Great tablet for my 6, 7 and 9 year old's. It's very easy for them to use with the 'Free Time' mode. I love Amazon and love that I can switch between different user profile no matter which tablet I'm using. Definitely recommend to others with children. Only downfall is some of the apps I use that are on either googleplay and itunes are not available in the Amazon appstore and it does not have bluetooth. But overall it is excellent for my children and the price was amazing!!!!
Great tablet for the price. My nieces loved it ...
I bought this one as a gift but I DO have a couple I keep for the children to play learning games on. They're awesome.
I bought it for my daughter and she loved it. She is happy to have it and read books on it.
Bought a couple of these for my kids. They love being able to watch videos and play games on their own tablets.
I brought this tablet as a present for my wife since her last tablet she had just died out. It seems to work well for her and she swems very happy with it.
Great for Netflix and YouTube videos for the kids. Durable and easy to tote around. Great product!
I needed a tablet to replace one that daughter broke. So I looked around and came across the Kindle Fire. From the start, I wasn't disappointed. It's fast, very responsive and perfect for my needs. This will be my go-to tablet from now on.
You couldn't ask for a best tablet for the price, great quality.
Delivery was fast. The tablet has been good. My grandson loves the sports apps.
Got this little gem for a family member for Christmas. She travels a lot and this works perfectly for her on the plane. Screen quality is pretty good. Not high def but good. My niece loves her new tablet.
It's a wonderful tablet for younger kids. Parental settings and a kids mode
Got this for my daughter and mother I'll law for Christmas and they both love them.good price and seems to b a quality tablet
so far I'm enjoying my wireless headphones and sounds great
Got one for my father and niece. The both loved it. My dad was easily able to set it up and use it. He wouldn't put it down.
Great tablet for younger kids. Bought 3 of these as Christmas presents and the kids love them. They can play games , download learning apps, and watch shows on them.
For adults or children, the Amazon "fire" tablet is impeccable. It has pertness control for parents with young children. If you have a Amazon account, it syncs right to it. Overall, flawless.
Great product for great price. As described.pleased with purchase
I purchased the tablets as Christmas gift for my nieces. Perfect for them ages 9, 7, and 5. They love reading and this is a viable option when traveling. Instead of movies when riding in the car, they read!
We have 3 of these and we love them. They are easy to use and you can do lots of different things on them.
Great starter tablet for a first time tablet owner. Bought this for my mom, and she loves it! Great for watching Netflix and surfing the web!
Brought amazon fire tablet for granddaughter she love it hours of fun
My kids loved the tablet small enough to take along every where I love the time limits I can set on them
the kids really liked these for Christmas gifts. They started playing with them right away and really enjoyed them
I love this I have bout three of these for my grand children and one of the wind up getting a different tablet and I was able to keep it for myself instead of returning and i just love it, It was confusing figuring out how to download on it but one of my grandchildren figured it out for me.
This is my first tablet. Use it mostly for checking email and using face book. I have not used it for reading books yet, but plan too.
I got these during the holidays at an amazing deal. They turned out out to be a very good tablet for an unbelievably low price. It really saved me a lot of time and money. Best of all the product was solid.
Good for gift, inexpensive and functional. A bit larger than my Note 5.
switched from a Toshiba 50 to Sony 48 and the clarity is outstanding
LOVE IT VERY GOOD IDEM,Front and rear cameras let you capture memorable moments WITH FRIENDS AND FAMILY
This is a great tablet. Great value . Great price. Good quality.
Bought this for my wife as second amazon tablet that ask for and got what she wanted. Now she's enjoying it!
My niece and Sister loved this. It seemed to be a big hit and helped them with another way to watch netflix...
I wanted something my granddaughter could watch different things on while in the car. She loves it and so do I.
I absolutely love this tablet,and with a price you can't beat!
simple and easy to operate; very fun to work with for business or leisure
This little tablet is great for so many things. Can't believe the quality I got for the price I paid.
Great for my girls. These tablets are great for smart 7 and 8 year old children.
Purchased as a gift to my wife. She loves the tablet. Easy blue tooth attachment to sound bar. Good solid construction. Great for so many uses. Paying bills balancing check book. Writing and reading. Nice compact size. Replace bulky home computer and laptops. So many uses.
I absolutely love this tablet,with a price you cant beat!
This is simple tablet to use for any beginner or kids
This a great product for the price. The amazon benefits alone would have made the an excellent deal... But this is a great low-end tablet as well.
It is a excellent tablet for the price. Works great. No issues and complains.
I brought it for my boys and they love it. Great investment
I love this tablet and it's easy to use. I would buy another for sure!
Very nice kindle fire...great Christmas gift...liked alot
This does everything. So worth it. For the price and compared to more expensive, it holds it's own. Compact, fast, amazing....and check the price!
I bought 2 of these for my 5-year-old nieces for Christmas. They both travel frequently and the Fire provides hours of entertainment. There is a ton of child-appropriate content available to download. The Fire is a great alternative to a pricier tablet.
This was for our grandson and he loves it!! He is able to do his school work on it. Parents monitor it closely so he is able to have 3 games on it. Very pleased with it. We also got a good case for it which is good protection for it.
great for watching movies in the teeny tiny airline seats! love it and Best Buy has great customer service
Great product for the price! This is my entertainment tablet and it is great for movies and apps. Much better than my old Nexus tablet.
Love what I got works perfect good for my son he loves it
Bought this for my 3 yr old grandson...very kid friendly & he loves it
I bought a few of these over the holiday for my niece, nephews and step daughter. They love it. I especially love the parental locks and restrictions that can be put in place. Helps to minimize what the children have access to.
My kids love these tablets. They have a very easy operating system! Very user friendly!
It was a Christmas present for my children and I think I made a excellent choice. I don't hear all the nagging and irritating out of them.I finally get to have a peace of mind also make sure to get insurance.I think the price was good to, I wish I didn't wait so late to make my purchase so I could have gotten them different colors.
The tablet was easy to set up and the kids enjoy using it.
Does just about everything you could need or want a handheld to do. Plays games, surfs the web, Skypes, etc. with ease. For the price have such a powerful system and vibrant colored screen is unheard of. Very pleased.
excellent product for the pricelightweight user friendly
We actually purchased this as a Christmas gift for our son. However my husband ending up keeping it for himself. He uses it at night to read books in bed.
Can't beat the price, awesome for kids and doesn't break the bank.
I bought this for my 13 yr old child for Christmas. She uses it to download and read books (saves lots of space on the book shelf) and she browses the internet, and watches Amazon prime movies. So far it has been a great device and for the price, it has been an amazing deal!
Works very well for children and people of all ages.
My kids each got one of these tablets for Christmas. They love it. I like how it has parental controls so I can control what apps are on the tablet.
Easy to use...simple set up. I'd recommend it to anyone
We bought them for our kids but they are good enough for us to play too
My kids love them. Great alternatives to laptop or desk top
Bought this for my mother, it is inexpensive and easy to use it's a lot of fun too.
I purchased one of these for each of my kids. The design is very easy to understand and very user friendly. I would definitely recommend for someone that doesn't need the full functionality of an iPad.
I purchased this tablet based on price and the reviews for tablets in this price range. It has performed well for my child. I especially love the parental controls that are easy to setup and the ability to have multiple profiles on 1 device. I'm now thinking of buying one for myself to replace a stolen iPad.
This was a gift for my boyfriend. He usually has apple products but I bought him this tablet and he loves it. It's easy to watch his videos, browse the web and even download books.
I love the fire tablet so much so that I have purchased about 9 for my son, nieces and nephews
I picked up this tablet primarily so my husband could access his favorite apps while at home without having to squint at a phone screen. Works great.
I purchase this item for my daughter and she absolutely love the item and color.
The price of this tablet is excellent and the specifications aré very well
Love it working good no lag or anything best gift I have so far
It's a great tablet for every day needs. Great for games, internet access and reading Kindle books.
I would recommend the Kindle Fire as a great option for anyone who loves to read book after book. Well worth the price. Not so thrilled that a 2 year warranty was half the price of the item I purchased but that has nothing to do with the quality of the device.
The tablet is easy to use and has nice features. It is small enough to carry around.
This is my 3rd Kindle, and we are very pleased with the ease of use and features Amazon has to offer. I suggested my brother get one for his kids and he too is happy. He actually uses it as much or more than his kids do. If you are looking to buy one, I suggest buying a case to help protect it from any bumps or bruises. I lost my 1st Gen Kindle because it was dropped without a case.
The Fire is an amazing product at an amazing price!
I bought this for my husband, so he would quit turning the light on to read in the middle of the night. It is a great value for what I needed
Absolutely love it! No problems with it at all and great battery.
Great product for the kids to keep them quiet, it a
I gave this Fire 7 tablet to a good friend for Christmas. All she had was a smart phone before and it is pretty small. She just loved the ease of setting it up and uses it all the time now. So much easier to navigate than her phone. Now she can lad books and read for a lot cheaper than buying them in the stores. She said she couldn't have received a better gift.
Bought this tablet as a gift for my grandfather for Christmas and he loves it! Very user friendly! It's also lightweight and easy to travel with.
Bought this tablet for a family member who isn't very tech-savvy. Wasn't terribly pleased to see how overflowing the OS is with Amazon ads and services, but I suppose that's how they keep the costs so low on an extremely affordable tablet. Look up how to download the Google Play Store on this tablet to get even more usage out of it. With that addition, it works great, and they love it.
I bought for my sister's birthday she really enjoyed it, it is very appropriate and fits her
I really only bought this to read book and to have the kids play or watch whatever the want. It's an amazing tablet for the price!
Awesome tablet at a good price..I love the size of the tablet
Bought this for my grandson to watch movies on the plane. Easy to use battery holds up well.
Great tablet and great price! My dad and my son love it!
I bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it. She watches Netflix and YouTube everyday and has had no issues. I would recommend this product to anyone.
Bought two of these for my kids and they love it!!
I bought this for my grandkids. It is easy to use and they Love it.
My nephew's love the tablets they are great have I lot apps for kids
bought this for my 2 years old, the tablet is strong, and he loves it, and best part is i was able to download the google play store without rooting.
Amarion tablet the speakers are really good but could be at the front
My daughters love to use their Fire, work well with the WiFi.
This was perfect for my 11 year old to take on our trip cross country.
It's the best choice for $30 to leave home or with friends.
Kids are able to play their games and watch movies on road trips.... win!
I love my Amazon fire 7 tablet. I gave one to my grandson, and he loves it too!
I bought this one for myself. It works fine. It is fantastic.
Now I know amazon prices their tablets at their manufacturing price (ie. The price it costs them to make it). They do this because they hope to make more profit off of purchases made on the device then they would having it be a competitive tablet on the market. Other tablets may have better specs but I bought this as a second 'around the house' tablet. And it does its job very well. Picture quality is more than enjoyable, the screen is bright, colors are vibrant, there's a built in blue light filter for nightime viewing (I love this feature because most apps for this are buggy or have adds). The expandable storage is very desirable especially if you like to download ebooks or lots of media. Amazon's app store has an 'underground' feature so a lot of paid apps in the Google or samsung stores are free to download here. They have free cloud storage connected to your amazon account so if your space is low you can free up space without loosing items. This also means if you want to transfer items between devices it's no probbem at all. They have a reading library that gives you access to many popular titles for a monthly fee or the bookstore itself has many free or very affordable books aswell with no monthly fee. This device can "mirror" a different kindle tablet so if you are replacing an old tablet it you can easily load all settings and apps onto your new one. Also, over the years amazon has been doing free updates for devices to make them run the current os. This is a nice feature when it comes to always having the newest technology, but from what I can tell it is not optional. My old tablet ran with the black carousel type os but was automatically updated overnight to the current (more visually pleasing) os. It did give me many notices stating when the update would happen and added that it would only work if the device was connected to wifi. It may be something to keep in mind if this bothers you. Overall I like this tablet very much and it is a bargin for what you're getting.
This is a great all around tablet. This tablet is currently being used by my daughter and she loves it. It's a good size and the picture quality is good enough to watch cartoons and a few YouTube videos on. The best part is that it has a memory slot so you can save videos on it for travel.
Awesome for the price! Highly recommended for anyone looking for tablet. Easy to use.
I bought this for my grandson for Christmas present and he loves it he's on it all the time it also teaches him to read and a lot of other things he has games on it and he would be on it 24 hours a day if we would let him
I bought these for a road trip for my teen daughters. The ability to download amazon prime content for viewing offline was the hook for me. Video quality is adjustable with the download and looks great on this screen. Battery life is adequate and a non-issue with so many charging possibilities in cars these days. All apps that I have wanted have been available for it too.
easy to uses , good for young children to uses ,watch moves, play games, read books, would recommend to other
Kids love it comes with a case but purchased one anyway
I was looking to buy a tablet mostly to connect to my speakers to play music. I found the perfect one for a great price. It has many capacities as well such as the camera. All the apps you could ever want are on this amazon tablet as well. I would recommend to anyone trying to buy a small tablet.
Got this for my husband on Amazon and then got two more for grandkids at Christmas from Best Buy. They had a great Black Friday deal on them.
This is a great simple tablet for the price. Can't go wrong. Bought two of these for my teen daughters. Love the fact that I can easily restrict what they are able to view and download.
I bought this for my Mom for Christmas, she is not tech savvy and she loves it and is able to slowly figure it out.
All the grandchildren I have purchased these for get alot of use from them and love the games.
Great product for my kids to read. Was an Xmas gift.
This makes a great light weight tablet for kids. Durable and very good for setting up restrictions and time limits for kids too
For the price is great up to the minute on everything
I tend to use this ore than my ipad. this has got to be the best bargain for a fully functional tablet I have ever seen. I now have three of these devices and may get another.
This was a gift for a family I adopted. It was a great gift and they loved it!
This tablet was a perfect gift and at the right price for my 6yr old niece. She absolutely loves it.
The Fire tablet is great, especially for the price! And if you are an Amazon Prime member, it's even better. You can read books for free using Amazon's Lending Library and watch Prime videos for free too. You can even get Google Play Store and download apps (just Google it) on the Fire. Make sure you get a micro SD card right away, because the 8GB internal storage fills up very quickly.
Amazon Fire Tablet was an excellent purchase. Great display and very easy to use
The Amazon Fire is an affordable alternative to some other tablets on the market. A great value. I like the fact that it's memory is expandable.
My granddaughter was thankful for this. Pinks her favorite color and she's amazed with everything she can do on it
My grandson love this tablet. He always keep up with it and the color was perfect for him
all i can say it is awesome she was watching movies on her phone now she watch them on her tablet
Excellent Product & Highly recommended. Excellent!
We got this for our 6 yr old daughter and its perfect for her. There hasn't been any issue with the games and educational apps she uses.
Gave this tablet to a friend as a Xmas gift and they love it. Easy to use and the size is perfect!
Super inexpensive and easy to use. Great for my kids.
Bought online. BLack Friday and had options on colors. Avoided hassles in store and had prompt delivery.
Great value. Perfect Christmas gift. Easy to set up and easy to use.
I bought this tablet for my mom for christmas. It was on sale, but is already at an inexpensive price to begin with. She is extremely happy with my gift. She is able to read and play games on a tablet with great speed. I might even buy my own!
This was the best purchase .. I highly recommend it
This is a great product. It works great and is fun to use.
This tablet is great for the price. Gets everything done quick and easy
Bought four of these for our grand children and they love them. Great price too.
like that fact I can read my books and play some apps
Great price. Useful and what I was looking for. Couldn't get the updated version yet but loved how this one operates and looks.
Very cheap tablet that is relatively powerful. Makes good bathroom tablet.
Grandkids love it now they have their own personal tablets and I love that it has parental control
Great product. Live the amazon customer service as well. User friendly. Parental controls best I've seen.
I love the kindle. we purchased 3 of them. they are great for the little things that you don't want to pull your laptop out for and good for the bigger things that you need to view on something bigger than your phone. The apps are good and games are fun.
Got this for my grand daughter to watch cartoons and play games. Once you get it into kids mode and locked down it works great. Very sturdy and stands up to kid abuse. Got it on sale so that helps.
My husband bought me this for Christmas and I love it! Bigger than my phone but small enough for me to hold. I also bought a case for it that helps it to stand up.
Brought this for my granddaughter for Christmas...she loved it! No complaints...happy child.
This tablet is very easy to read and holds a charge for a very lengthy period of time.
Being familiar with the Kindle tablets, I knew these would be a great gift for my nephews. The price was unbeatable for such a great product! Now that Christmas has passed and they have been given their tablets, they love everything about them. We are living in a digital age and these tablets will give them a great start managing their time and abilities to navigate through the operating systems for it.
This is an excellent product at an excellent price
love this tablet! has a lot of apps for free and great hd screen
I have one and my mother liked mine so I got her one she loves being able to check her email, go on the web, and play games.
This new Kindle is wonderful!! I am able to read books anywhere, and also connect to the Internet.
This is the best tablet in it's category at a price point which everyone can afford. Big thanks to Amazon for making this possible. The user experience is very good and there are enough number of apps to play around including the must haves like Facebook,Youtube ,Netflix etc.
We bought this for our son for Christmas, he's 9. It is exactly what he needed, plenty of games, he can watch videos, etc but I can feel safe with him using it thanks to the easily set parental controls.
got the product during the thanks giving sales, good buy. The product is used primarily for reading, it does the job very well
This is a awesome tablet. For the price it is a awesome tablet. It is perfect size to play games. Though little small for watching videos, it works perfect for daily use.
Bought 3 Amazon fire tablet on Black Friday and the family love it
My 3 year old love it.. Cool apps and easy to use!
My girlfriend and I purchased this for her nephew and he absolutely loves it. He is able to play his games on it and his Mom is able to read books to him before bed. Great product for any age.
Works well for beginner or a child. Great gaming tablet
This is an awesome tablet for the price. Kindle got it right.
Wow - bought this on Black Friday. The quality of construction is fantastic. The display is really good. I bought an RCA Tablet at Walmart in 2014- this absolutely blows it away. Display is good. Apps are good. Maybe a little slow ( not laptop fast) but over all speed is satisfactory. Definitely recommend. I'd buy at full price and still be impressed.
My daughters love this tablet and all they can do.
Bought this for my 6 year old granddaughter because of the price. I may go back and get myself one. It takes great pictures. And it is easy to use.
The kindle fire is a great tablet, you can do lots with it and it seems well made.
Great tablet for beginners or anyone and a great value
It's fast small cute and great for web. I gave a few as gifts and everyonel over it.
Bought this tablet for my daughters to play apps on and to watch Netflix shows. It's nice that it has 2 cameras and expandable memory. Great price.
I am very happy with this purchase. Works perfect.
I originally was buying one Kindle Fire for my grandson, but after reviewing specifications I decided to buy 2. I am so happy I did!
Very functional for my needs. Quick and easy to set up. I love my new Kindle Fire!!!
It was for my daughter for Christmas. She love it, I'm happy
Bought it on Black Friday as a gift for my mom. She's told me about 16 times how much she loves it. The only trade off is a smaller screen but still a great buy for the price
This product is totally worth buying. It's perfect for someone who likes to play games or read.
Bought this for my younger sister. She's 9 and uses it to stream Netflix and play games. She tells me it's fantastic
My parents loved receiving this for Christmas! Old people friendly. ;)
The Fire Tv. Stick and fire Tablet are great for beginners
This is a great little starter tablet for my son and his cousins!
I was a great price for a tablet! I would buy this tablet again.
Bought as gift and great tablet for price! Awesome
Bought this for my nieces and nephews and they love it. Parental controls are easy to set.
Bought for my daughter as an upgrade from her last one, and she loves it!!! I also bought another for her sister and both girls can navigate everything really easy.
It is a nice Kindle for the price. Works and runs well for all i needed
Bought this tablet for my daughter after having a Nabi in the past. I myself had one of the first generation Fire and loved it. In comparison to the Nabi this is a much better buy! Over all the price and App Store are so much better.
Purchased for myself and just love it! It's just as nice as the Kindle.
I love this tablet! It's user friendly and my kids love it! I'm so glad I bought this tablet!
I purchased this item not to play games, but to use as a search tools and read newspapers and books . Works perfectly. Great Price for Xams.
Love Kindle fire bought for an elderly friend and she just love the ease of use.
Great deal on this tablet, easy for my son to use.
This tablet is so great. It's easy to use, the price tag is amazing! The App Store has a great selection. I would recommend to just about anyone.
We bought the tablets for our kiddos for a great price on a Black Friday deal! Our kiddos love it and it's perfect for their school programs!
I was looking for something easier to read emails with than my phone, but small and light for travel. This is just the right size. I have an 11 inch tablet but it is too large and heavy.
Got this tablet for my kids(ages 3 to 8). Really good starter tablet with excellent parental controls on it. Does not necessarily have all the bells and whistles, but still an excellent tablet, especially for the kids!
Got it for 35 bucks for my son and he loves it so I'm happy
Bought on Black Friday for a Christmas present and it has been worth every penny!
I love that this tablet has a variety of apps that can be easily be taken to places
The tablet is fast and my daughter loves it. She can play on it and also read books.
My kids love it their first tablet they pay on it all the time
It's exactly what I was looking for. My sister was very happy with it and it meets her needs.
very fast and kid friendly for my young son gifts.
Bought this for my wife for Xmas. Also bought 3 more for each of my kids. Great interface, easy to use. Suggest buying a memory card as well for storage of all the apps.
Great tablet, especially for the price. I didn't know exactly what I would use this for when first purchased, but have found many cool uses.
This tablet performs very well. It is great for someone that does not need a sophisticated tablet. Great value for the price.
Easy to operate. Easy to download books. Size is great for carrying in a purse. Color is really good. Very happy with this product.
Bought this for a 3 year old great for kids for games and movies
We bought two of these for our kids and they both love them! Easy to set up and operate. They are a welcome improvement over them using their phones for all the apps and games they enjoy.
Good working tablet. Just the right size and glad that I am able to add a memory card. Good apps available for this tablet.
Daughter loves it and great customer service! Educational and fun!
I was looking for a basic tablet for normal use - games and music - and this tablet answered my need and to top it up fit my budget as well. I bought this during the thanks-giving season this year and is worth the price I shelled out. Bestbuy as usual shipped it in time and free shipping was just an icing on the cake :-). Would recommend this to anyone.
Order two and love them. Great gifts for anybody get cases for them
Nice to download games works well for kids for a great price !
I hesitated initially when purchasing this tablet, mostly because I have never had a tablet or e-reader and wasn't sure I could figure out how to use it. Even though this table comes with virtually no instructions, there is a lot of information online and it is very intuitive, even for a total novice. Now, just about a month since my purchase, I am loving this tablet so much and am so happy I purchased it. The price break made it an even sweeter purchase.
This was a replacement for a previous Fire. My wife loves it and the Fire does what she needs
Love this kindle fire. Awesome product for an incredible price.
I bought this for my mom and it's great. I have a fire and I love reading on it so I knew she would to.
Got it for my 2 year old nephew. He is now completing puzzles and playing educational games on it!
For the price this was a great tablet for my kids. They love it!!!
I bought this as a requirement for my sons class. It was easy to set up, and he uses it with no problem at all. He just uses it for research in class, so I didn't want to spend a lot money-or give him my tablet, but I'm very pleased with all he's able to do on it. The price just seals the deal; I'm very pleased overall and would repurchase the tablet.
Easy to use economical and portable.I intially bought just for reading but it has been useful in apps facebook etc.
My 8 year old is required to read for 20 minutes a day for school. Something about reading on an electronic device excites and he is willing to read without a fight. Great purchase for us.
This is a very nice product for the money. It works great and is so easy to use.
Love this tablet bought 4 for my kids and myself and play games and read on these!
Tablet easy to use and is great for face book, internet, watching movies, and reading. price was great.
Got this tablet for a great price. Works well and has a fast processor.
These are Christmas presents for my granddaughters. I am sure they will love them
If you want a tablet for someone that's not the most tech savy, look no further. Seriously, it's the best 50 bucks you will spend.
Got this as a gift for my mother. It is a great little starter tablet for anyone wanting to surf the web or play some games. I also like it because it is small and portable.
Really surprised at what this little tablet can do. I am starting to use it more than my iPad. Easier to take on vacation (smaller footprint). More comfortable to hold while reading books online.
This was supposed to be my back-up travel type tablet.It has a display that is much better than my bigger tablet.It starts faster.The touch screen is more accurate,.Even at twice the price it would still be a bargain.
Great for the kids, made for a great Christmas present.
Theses kindle fires ate great for everyone. They are easy to use; have lots of features and are prefect for reading, playing games, getting organized and having fun. My kids use these all the time to do homework on, read books, watch movies and play games. I love that they have decreased the price and are easy for kids to use.
Amazon makes great tablets and this is at a great price
Great for kids just learning to use a tablet for the first time.
I love my fire. Easy to carry where ever I go,just great
this is one of my wifes favorite things , plays games , reads books ,
Cheap but very awesome tablet. It has everything that you need
This is a great device for someone who likes to check emails quickly and good size to hold while reading and to carry with you if you like to read while on the go.
Amazon's know for there tablets. Mine works great, good wifi and memory. I love the quad-core processor, great screen, crisp and clear.Comfortable and easy to use. 10/10
Love the idea that this tablet is expandable to 128GB. The Ipad Mini 2 that I also have does not compare even close to this tablet, as it is not expandable beyond its 16GB. Overall, just an outstanding tablet.
I love the picture, easy to navigate, light weight and easy travel size . I bought 4 for Christmas presents.
Great for the price. Easy to navigate. Kids love the games I put on it.
This was brought for husband, he wore out his first kindle. Excellent value.
This is one neat little tablet. Can be used to surf net or read. I use it for both. Light and comfortable to use.
I bought 2 of these and they were both Christmas gifts (1) for my daughter and (1) for her daughter. The price was great ! Now, how do I let you know who the owners are and how they can set them up in their names?
Bought the original Kindle Fire, and was impressed with the latest updated version. Better software, camera, and more apps make this all the more worth the small price. I guess that Amazon takes a loss on the production of this unit to gain your interest in buying their merchandise and using their services. In any case, it works, and I would recommend this to anyone interested in an inexpensive internet access device.
Simple to use. Has its hiccups but for 50 bucks its the best bang for the buck. Purchased for my 6 year okd to replace an older generation model
I bought this for Grandpa for Christmas, he has never had a computer or tablet and this was great for the first timer. Easy to use.
This is a great reader. My 14 year old loves it and uses it for school work.
Great price! Great product! For a beginner tablet it's useful and fast enough to keep your music and games going!
Can't believe how fast this tablet is..great tablet for a small price
easy to use really bright screen easy to see. worth the money
Got my mom this kindle for her birthday, she absolutely loves it. Battery lasts long, good quality camera and easy to use!
I was looking for something easy to use if I didn't want to go on the computer and for 50$ this is great
I bought this tablet for my children. It is great and comes with parental controls. I would highly recommend this tablet.
Found screen display, easy use and very versatile just the right size
I bought this just to have a new device to play with. I love it now though and love Amazon Prime.
Very easy to use, compact to carry. Great value for price.
I was looking for an inexpensive tablet for my children to learn on, and found that they had dropped the price of the Kindle Fire to $50. This is an unbelievable price for a tablet with this many features.
if you don't need a hi-res camera (you've got one on your phone) and you don't plan to watch movies on your tablet, this Kindle is the one for you! It doesn't have all the "bells and whistles" but it works great for reading books and playing aps.
Good size for kids. Recommend buying a case for it since its small
Very simple, very light and has all the basic features you will be looking for in a tablet but don't expect a fancy device
It's affordable, great for kids, it's very good.:)
I have one and move it and I bought it for my 9 year old niece and she loves it! Works great!
Got this for both my children after the constant breaks on more expensive products. The best decision I've made!They are happy. Apps are amazing.If you are using this for internet usage... not so much.If going to amazon app store and books, it is awesome!
This is a great tablet and ereader together. Great for beginner's and all others my six year old son knows how to work this.
I ordered this from online and was worried that it would not function as well as the Amazon Kindle Fire. To my surprise, my children love them! The product was well priced, as well as having great features. I couldn't have brought a better Christmas present for them. I allowed them to customize and wrap their Amazon Fires. They can't wait to open it on Christmas day, as my 5 year old asks "is it Christmas yet" every day now lol...I would definitely recommend the purchase of this as well as the protection, it's worth it!
Love this. Easy to use. Love that you can purchase external memory card for this tablet. I am excited to say I purchased 5 of these for family members and I am happy with the tablet.
Very happy with this gift for my kids! Easy to use and it was a great deal!
Great tablet, excellent price. Kids and adults enjoy watch movies, play games, internet, etc.
very good for the price. our kid loves to play with it.
can't beat the price, decent size, makes a great gift this holiday season.
Works great! This tablet has a great picture and moves much quicker than I expected.
Bought this as present for the sister. She loves it. For browsing the internet and the occasional games its perfect. Would definitely recommend.
Could not beat the price and the kindle fire is a nice tablet to have for reading, playing games, letting grandkids play on.
I have enjoyed becoming familiar with all the services available on my kindle!
Purchased this on Black Friday. Clear screen and just the right size for toddlers to use.
Bought this for my dad and he loves it! Light weight and easy to use.
This is a great product. Easy to use and very user friendly.
My first tablet purchase & is perfect for my needs. Very easy to operate.
Using the tablet on a daily basisEasy to use especially for reading msgs and news items.
I bought this to replace my Nook reader, $50 for a Fire vs $140 for a new Nook was a no brainer. I had to use Calibre to convert some epub books to mobile format on the Fire, but that was easy. The ability to use WiFi to check email, surf the web, it's miles ahead of the black and white Nook.
This is a awsome tablet and a great value love it!
This is great for a first time tablet owner lots of features
Got this tablet for my daughter and she loved it again great tablet.
My wife's laptop bit the dust and I needed a low-cost solution so she could read her email and surf the net. This device does the job. I was impressed with the quality for $50. I have no complaints. Cheap, easy to use and keeps the wife happy. Good deal!
Before you conclude it does not have enough, look at what it can do and read the specs.
I've avoided an e-reader as my tablet served well. When Amazon released this new Kindle Fire for $50, I thought, why not? I'm traveling a lot and it's nice and compact.Whoa! It also doubles as a tablet, as far as being able to access Internet, email, other things; the Amazon app (I can't remember the name, but it's pre-installed) has hundreds of free--yes, free--apps.I'm delighted to the point I've now purchased two more as gifts. I did add an SD card to increase storage space, but that was minor. Great product; excellent buy!
I have two Apple I-Pads that my students and I use in my third grade classroom. I've wanted one for home use but didn't want the expense. This Amazon Fire tablet does just about as much as my school Apple I pads but at less than a quarter of the cost. The amazon fire tablets are smaller but easy to use and amazingly fast loading! wish i had one for each student!
I bought three of these tablets. They are the best tablets around. They are very fast and durable as well. They are simple to use both of my children use them. I haven't had any issues with this product.
For the money this tablet can't be beat. great for kids or adults who aren't looking for a powerful tablet.
I love this. It is great. One of the best things I ever bought. It can do so much.
Got this for a present for someone, and they love it. They really wanted an e reader not a tablet and that's why he loves it.
we love this tablet and the price. awesome deal. it was so good we going back to get two more. it's amazing .. can't say no more except get you one
not top of the line but don't let the price fool you. If you don't already have a tablet and not looking to spend a lot this is perfect. Plenty of free apps and games. You get the most for your dollar on this product, makes a great gift for friends and family.
I love it , this was a great investment for my family
I bought this item for my kid for 35$ and enjoying lot. Compared to other Tabs this is a great bargain.Pros: Its easy to use , battery is excellent works for long, even while games are being played.Strong body and very good touch sensitive.Cons: Screen resolution looks little grayish , not bright enough. which probably is good for kid eyes while playing longer.
so beautiful and system is very good and the app is good too.
Its worth to buy this table for the price. elegant design and response. feel better than samsung tab
Great kindle for the price nice picture for a 7 inch screen
It is an amazing product for beggnners, high quality materIals amd fast processor
The unit seems to have a sturdy build and it loads and unloads very quickly
I thought $49 for a Kindle tablet was a fantastic price until the Black Friday deal of $35. I did add a 32gb memory card. Kindle Freetime is great. My 6 year old loves the tablet. Works great with many kid friendly apps. I also put a kid proof cover.
I bought about 5 tablets before. This is the best tablets I ever bought.
A really nice tablet for a first time owner. Works great and has a decent sized screen
I had a tablet that was stolen and I was happy to replace it with this one it is just as nice and easy to use!
I originally bought this tablet for my granddaughters birthday gift. When I saw how easy it was for her to access her homework and other reading materials she needed for school I was so impressed I bought 5 more for each one of my grand kids for Christmas I would recommend this tablet to family & friends.
I bought this kindle to replace my aging kindle fire 2 nd generation. Battery life is improved with new features. Display is excellent. Love having a camera. Very happy customer!!!!
This is for a present. I have one of these for myself and love it!
Got it on sale for $34.99 so I can say I got more than my moneys worth so far so good.
This tablet is a nice gift for my granddaughters , they spending a lot of time reading books on this and they have a fun time with the games . Love it
I have been wanting to get a Kindle for my children and happened to see this at Best Buy. Couldn't pass up a fantastic Kindle at a great price.
This tablet is excellent. Hard to imagine all these features can be in this unit for under $50.00...It is a must buy, especially if you have children who like to use your tablet. Perhaps buy them one of their own....For us it is one of a few tablets we own, but it is one we are glad to have.
for an inexpensive tablet it works great. does the basics very well.
I love, love, love this Kindle Fire 7. I Like the size, the quality and most especially, the price. This product greatly exceeded my expectations. I use it every day. I recommend this Kindle Fire 7 to anyone who is thinking of buying a Kindle Fire. I am telling all of my friends about it!
This has to be one of the best deals around - The screen resolution is good, the speed is adequate and it is versatile as a reader, game device or internet tablet.
Bought as replacement for Kindle HD 7 2012 model. Works great, considering the price. The expandable storage is awesome!
Sure. It's not an iPad, but it's only 50 bucks! Amazon is taking a loss on these in order to sell you their content. There are a few restrictions, like an advertisement on the lock screen and only access to Amazon's App store. These are small prices to pay for such a wonderfully performing tablet. Also, Amazon Underground gives you access to a ton of paid apps for FREE. If this is your first tablet purchase, it is definitely a winner. For those not new to the tablet world, it is definitely worth having just to carry around when you need it. You won't feel so bad if someone steals it or you lose/break it as opposed to an iPad. Just buy it already!
Was a great deal for my daughter for Christmas, her last one broke.
The Amazon Fire is a very good tablet that is very user friendly and the price is great.
I had always wanted a fire tablet and when this deal came along I couldn't pass it up! Great tablet and well worth the price! Lots of apps to choose from, easy to set up and use!!! I highly recommend this tablet for anyone!
I brought 3 for my boys and they love it. My three year old watch mickey mouse, my 9 year ol surf the web for homework and my 15 year old use it for you tube and music even live chat with his friends.
I can read my books and sync with my larger tablet. Read emails and search internet. Love it!!!
I purchased this for my son and its the best thing I bought.
I love it. Especially for the price................
Very good for the price. Connection good and easy to setup
Great item for the price. Reliable and works great.
This tablet is great at what it does:Netflix, Amazon, and general Internet searches. It obviously does other things and for the price it's fantastic.
I really like this Kindle. It has more features than the Kindle Fire 6. And the processor is a little bit faster as well. It is great for reading for the price and it is very economical as well.
This is a fantastic pad for anyone my absolute favorite sturdy access so easy and I will always give it 5 stars!
If you are a Amazon Prime member you will love this tablet. Even without Prime membership its still a nice tablet.
Bought this for my brother who is a Dino when it comes to technology, it's easy to use and a great size ,he loved it!
Great picture quality and very easy to operate. Got it for the granddaughter.
I like this Tablet for it's size, it's easy to hold on to when reading. I can put this in my bag when travelling and it doesn't weigh much...I also love the fact that I can expand the memory, whereas the other one I have 8.9 inch doesn't have that capability...The Camera works great...The only problem I have is trying to turn it off it doesn't always want to turn off...other than that I love this Tablet...
Worth getting, great for the priceAnd very handy for movies and music
The tablet was on a great deal for black friday. I purchased it just for reading books and lightly going online. I am not expecting amazing power from something so cheap, I dig it for what it can do and not for what I think it should do.
I love this kindle and price is awesome .My Three year boy love to play it.
This is a must buy for anyone. It's sturdy and its a amazon for only fifty dollars. But the camera is not good for photography but its worth fifty dollars overall.
I got this on black Friday for $35. For the price I wasn't expecting much. Let me tell you it exceeded my expectations. I was only wanting this to play music, but I have been checking my email, browsing the web, using Bluetooth for music. Its amazing. It can go the whole day on one charge. You will defiantly want a SD card for it! It rarely lags and is pretty fast too. Only thing I don't like is the ads on lock screen (you can pay 15 more to remove them)
I purchased this item for my daughter and she loves it. Easy to use, beautiful picture, and a great price.
I got this for my brother as an early Christmas gift. He has never owned a tablet before and not super tech savvy. He really enjoyed it and never put it down over the holiday weekend. It was easy for him to use and adapt to.
I must say I have always been making jokes about Amazon and their devices, but after getting the Amazon Fire 7, I must admit I have been wrong. This little device is amazing for such a low price. You honestly get a lot for your money, and I can definitely recommend it to people who want a good tablet without spending $100+ on one.
This works fine. It's a tablet! It does things well!
My son just loves his Fire tablet. Easy for him to setup to his liking. Can't beat the price either. At the time of the review it was $34.99. If you have kids, this makes a great gift for them.
I updated my kindle touch to this. I loved the price. I got it a few months ago for $50, which is still an affordable price for a kindle. I love the Bluetooth and text to speech features coupled with the fact that it has an expandable drive. Those features along with the price were what I needed. Oh did I mention the resolution for watching movies is good. The camera is not the best, but I didn't get this for the camera. Matter of fact I got one on Black Friday as a Christmas gift for a friend.
We bought this for our 3 year old because she enjoys playing games on my IPad. This is a much cheaper alternative should she drop it. Android apps so she can get most of the same games and apps. Timer apps available so I haven't checked to see if you can limit time on the device itself. Bonus is the size, it is perfect for her.
My son loves it. Very easy to use. Great price and value.
Tablet is perfect for someone who needs it does what it needs to do .I bought it specifically to add music to it and sync it to my trucks radio ... Works flawlessly
i like this because i have one to and i love it.and i will never ever get rid of it i been wanting one and now i have one and my mom has one and her man has one and we all like them and they are easy to use.
Amazon Fire is an excellent choice and cost effective, havent had any troubles, it works perfect!
This device is pretty no-frills, but for a 7 year old boy, it works great and is awesome. It's sturdy, plays apps well, and I don't have to freak out every time he drops it. I'm sure it will break eventually (my son will find a way), but for $50, I'll take my chanes.
$35 tablet, its a no brainer. great gift for the kids
This was perfect for my 4 year old. She gets all the apps she wants and it works great. Even dropped it a couple times and it ls still in one piece!
If you have Amazon Prime, this is an excellent way to view content in a small, quality device.
I have wanted an inexpensive tablet for awhile and my wife surprised me with this Kindle for my birthday. It's perfect for my needs.
It's such s great tablet and the price well you can't beat it. I love Amazon products and have not been disappointed yet!
We bought these for our kids and they really love them
Great budget tablet, a lot of features, easy interface and wonderful picture
I loved how helpful the employee was that helped me!
Had a great experience with the product it has been fast and works great. I have enjoyed this product.I would recommend this product to any one. The price was even great price for our budget.Thank you for making it easy.
This tablet is so fast!!!! It has everything I want on it!
We love the kindle. I intended to purchase a single unit for my husband, who had lost his, and ended up with one for each of us.
Probably one of my best purchase's for the price!!
Screen quality and size is good. Lightweight and good battery life.
This is a great android tablet. On top of it on black friday it is 34.99$ i bought a couple for my son.They abuse it and it is well worth having a backup and it is so cheap you can afford to break a couple.You can side load google appstore, just google it.
Bought these as gifts so I cannot review the quality but the size is palm perfect and the price is just right.
Cant believe a solid tablet for 34 buck. works great with amazon prime
Had to buy two for each kid of mine. They absolutely love it.
My 6year old twin boys loves technology and the Fire 7 Tablet is perfect for them. Just the right size to sit and play or pack and go. The icons are super easy to understand for beginners as such. I've downloaded fun games, apps, and books for them to utilize already. The price was awesome as well especially since I purchased two at the same time.
I got this for a Christmas present for my son, but couldn't help myself. It's awesome. Looks like momma is rewrapping for him, or buying another :D
So easy to use grandson loves it nice starter tablet
MThere are so many cool features and it's really easy to use.
Does the job.Does the job.......................great
The kindle fire works really well for my sone he is learning a lot
Great price. My kids (5 years old) love it, they can download games and browse the web without a problem.
a solid well made tablet that feels good in the hand. images are crisp & clean. works well with my hulu acct, hbogo acct, prime video acct too. the first few secs the video is blurry, then it clears up and plays fine. if you add a sd card the tablet automatically places apps & video on the sd card (if app allows) the great value for me is you can download amazon prime video (must be a current member) onto the sd card for offline viewing. i bet a lot of parents will love that for those long car trips. sound is good. BT worked well with my BT enabled stereo ( i streamed prime music & pandora). don't be put off by the screen resolution - it looks great. the new bellini OS is a MAJOR improvement over the old carousel format of days past. the new amazon app underground also adds to the value for prime members. the lock screen ads are not intrusive, once you swipe to unlock tablet they go away and do not reappear until you lock the screen again. if you're a prime member - this is the best 50 bucks you will spend!
I've was married to the same man for 30 something yrs and they was the best time in my life we have kids that's all grown and they have kids now. I love them deeply but they all are upset with me because they haven't had a Christmas ,I always get my Grand kids something but it hasn't happen in 3 yrs. I can't seem to be able to afford it any more I thought the kids would love the tablet I know they will because they all stay on computer like me it's educational for them and my self. I'm disable and have nothing to do so
If you're looking for an android alternative to a Windows-based desktop this makes a great option
Bought this for my Aunt and she loves it so much, she uses it everyday and says its very easy to use.
This is great for kids and adult. A great product for gaming reading and more..
Good product with great value. Recommend this to all.
I really like the easy setup and the parental cobtrols.. its easy to download games and my daughter loves it
I have this tablet and liked it so much I purchased another as a gift. It was easy to set up and use. She loved it.
Great if you just want to read and occasionally browse the web. Great value!
Our youngest grandson loves his kindle fire. He loves reading his books and playing Minecraft as well as other games. A great started tablet!
This is like having a fire stove with a screen its the best and at a great price
These were great gifts for the grandkids!! They were easy for them to use and now they are almost as good as the adults on them!
I needed a tablet to use in a classroom setting and the Amazon Fire worked great.
Granddaughter loves it. It does fantastic for her.
Loving these tablets. They keep the girls busy. For their age, best Christmas present so fat
I bought this for my teenage son. He uses it occasionally...when he's not playing on his PS4. It's a handy internet accessible device, not as quick or easy as an iPad or mini iPad...but definitely a lot cheaper too! I bought my husband one a few years ago and he absolutely loves his (did have to buy a replacement once.)
I bought 2 of these Amazon - Fire - 7" Tablet - 8GB - tablets.One for an elderly friend in her late 60's and she does great with it.Also bought one for my 11 year old granddaughter. Easy to use and quick response to downloads and window changes. I have been recommending it to lots of people who are short on cash but need a really good tablet.
This was a Christmas gift for mother and she loves it because it allows her to play game and read instead of using her phone which is much smaller.
This is one of the best purchases I've ever made. I used to buy books all the and then they were just laying around after I read them, now I can buy them (for a cheaper price, at that) and they're all in one place, not taking up ANY space.
Bought this as a gift for my 5 year old nephew. It is easy for him to use. Downloaded educational games for him to play. Great buy!
I purchased for me nephew and I must say it's an awesome buy for a kid. The price is good. Picture quality is good.
The best value for the money hands down. Works perfectly.
I have bought several Kindle Fire's over the years. I think they are great for streaming movies & videos. You can downloaded movies on the device and use it while off wi-fi.
I actually bought this for a friend. I already have one. She loves to read and I thought this would be perfect for her to download books on. She absolutely loves it for that plus all the other features she can do on her tablet. Such a great buy!
The Fire tablet is such a great value. If money is no consideration, there are better tablets out there, but for the money, this is a great choice, especially if you're a Prime member.
Bought these for my kids and they love it. Love amazon.
I purchased this for my kids and it works great with time limits.
I love my fire tablet so much I have 6 of them. Well worth the $50!
Got it for my daighter and its a great tablet for a starter. Easy to ise and has great graphics .
I had got this tablet for my niece for her bday and it's the best.
This device is great for streaming videos reading books,and web searching, which is what I enjoy!
best price for a starter tablet. very efficient for any age.
This is a good tablet it was bought for my son who is 7 years old.
My kid love this tablet. Very good quality with affordable price.
I love this tablet...I purchased 3 of them One did have to be returned because it had a short in the charge plug but a simple exchange and the new one was good...I still gave this 5 stars because for 30 bucks it is still working 6 months later after some abuse by us being careless...doesnt scratch easy..would be perfect for kids too
can't beat the price on this great starter tablet. purchase this as a gift. many happy hours of use by recipient.
I bought two of these tablets one for each of my daughters for Christmas they're able to connect to social take pictures listen to music perfect reasonably priced tablet. wish I would have bought it for them sooner recommended it my sister and she bought for her kid also
We have bought many kindle before and they always work put great for us and the kids can use them easily. I love that I can set the kids profile so they can't make purchases I just wish you could set them to stay in the child's profile until an adult takes it out.
Easiest way for me to buy books for him to read. I'm an Amazon prime member and this is an easy download.... plus he loves reading on the fire!
Perfect for teens as well as adults who loves to read and watch movies
I bought 2 of these for my kids when we go on trips to play educational games and movies. For the price they are nice to have! I have had no complaints with any of the Kindle Products that I have purchased.
Tablet is easy to use. Gives options for password as well as a protective case. 4 stars!
This KindleFire was exactly what I needed, for light weight, portable entertainment for my granddaughter on a trip. I could access all of the audio books, games and reading material from the audible app and kindle app on my iPad, onto this small device that slipped easily into my purse. it was easy to use on the airplane as well as in line at Disneyworld, without taking up much space or being heavy.
I bought the fire Kindle to get good reads from amazon. The tablet is great for other apps such as facebook, Internet search, games, and various apps from amazon like yahoo mail, online banking app,ect. Ideal for readers and those who would like a simple tablet. Would recommend getting case which I purchased when I bought the fire Kindle. Nice graphics and user friendly for the price.
I love this tablet it works great. A great fit for me
Wonderful e-reader. I love my Amazon Fire. I travel a lot and I do not leave home without it!
Duarable and very handy. Good start for beginners and can add the protective case for kids
best decision I made this month. best tablet for the best price
I have two fire tablet in different colors. I love to read because the books are so clear. Many books are available to read for free. I like to purchase both free and paid books. As much as I read it may be cheaper to just go kindle limited so I can read any book.
Very fast and no problems loading apps onto the screen. Great price
I love reading on these tablets. Its so easy to use too. I would like to say that this does not use andriod software but Fire OS
Tablet is great, it is used for several hours a day and there is no problem with power. Just a the right size for it's purpose.
Good reader and great for streaming apps. Kid friendly too
Its great .................................................
It was not expensive great for the price I'm happy
I am greatly satisfied with this tablet. And the price is great too.
This kindle does almost anything you need in a small hand held. Love it!
This is a great tablet for kids. Not expensive and does all that is needed on a high level. The only draw back is the Amazon App store.
I had a Kindle a couple of years ago and didn't like it, but with the great price and wanting to get another tablet, I bought this one and am very glad. I had some trouble setting it up due to password issues but now it's easy and offers lots to do and for sure more for me to learn. I highly recommend this product, maybe for someone starting out. It does as much as an IPad in an easy to carry package, great photos, email, everything, and the price cannot be beat.
Works exactly what I wanted it for. Camera isn't great, but I had no intention of using it anyway
I'm a huge fan of these tablets. If you aren't trying to spend a lot of money, or if you aren't an avid daily user, this will easily do all the basic necessities
Great product! Great for kids great for games !!!!
I have purchased 4 Kindle Fire 7 tablets for my grandsons, and they love playing games on them whether they are educational games or just-for-fun games.
i bought these for my little girls, i think they don't need anymore, i bought extra sd card and they are so happy
Trying to reach the minimum required characters to get my points!
Cheap, good always dependable tablet, now just useless words to take up minimum.
i love my tablet. would shop at best buy again no matter what i need
The Kindle Fire is a wonderful addition to my laptop. There are times I just don't feel like using the big laptop. And the Kindle is nice to have next to my bed for when I am awake at all hours. Love the ease of use and all the things it can do.....and I don't know the half of it! Great item.
I love my kindle fire. It is a big upgrade from the kindle keyboard that i used to have.
It's really good for reading and for having a small tablet. To browse with.
Great product great price great service. Can't asked for anything better.
I love my Amazon Fire tablet. It's easy to use and just the right size to travel with !
Great purchase my grandson Alek loves his tablet we took it on vacation kept him quiet on the plane great gift for little ones Best Buy I made in awhile & the price was great
I got this tablet for an 8 year old who only plays video games after her homework or on the weekends and it works prefectly fine for that purpose. I never tried to push it to its likits and see how good it could be for an adult. But she hasnt given menone complaint.
This tablet cannot be beat for the price we paid. Just wish I would have purchased one that was bigger.
I purchased the kindle Fire for my Uncle. He has really enjoyed this product. Easy to operate, variety of games and books. Also, this model has a camera!
Got this for our daughter for xmas. It's small enough for a child and easy to use.
I got this as a gift to my inlaws. This is very handy and easy to use. They love it so much
Price is awesome for what you get. For surfing the net and shopping it works perfect. Not the fastest but does the trick!
This is an awesome tablet, great price, lots of memory, fast processor
Perfect size for travel. Holds a lot of books, easy to download to.
Bought it for my mother-in-law and now she won't put it down. She Skypes with my daughter all the time and they have great times talking together, awesome product!
Very good deal!! Quality top with very good price!!!
A great choice for children ages 3 to 13. Or even a great tablet for adults. It has many apps and games to choose from. The case it came with is very practical for beginners.
I bought this for a needy child for Christmas. I love mine so I'm sure they enjoyed it.
I bought this for my 5 year old son. This is a great beginner tablet for the price.
I love this tablet I take it everywhere with me. It's small enough to take with you on trips.
This is a great tablet! My nephews really enjoy using it.
This it's a great tablet for kids it does a good kid and keep them busy
Easy to use for all kids. My daughter so happy to play her favorite games
Great tablet. I use it to read only. Bought an additional 32g memory and its great
My son seems more than happy with his B'day gift!! He loves it!!
This item is a deal at $49. Does everything you need for simple Internet browsing, email, social media and also takes great pictures!
My Fire is easy to use, lightweight, and small enough to carry in my purse.
The fore lived up to its reviews. Great tablet for my elementary age grandchildren.
very easy to use. was bought to use with Kindle. happy with my purchase!!
My children just loves this tablet. It's easy to use and a perfect size for them.
The tablet is awesome. Easy to use. At a good price.
Got it for my daughter to read books. She loves it!
I have bought 3 of these tablets for my great grand children. excellent for learning and u don't use data.
Awesome tablet it's fast and easy to use. Affordable can't find any better at this price
This was a gift for my friend. My friend likes it, I wouldn't buy something like this for this much money. The screen is small.
The thick edge makes it easier to read than the voyage and PW. very fast and responsive. I wish the devise was longer then it would feel more like a real book rather than a CD case
It fits easily into smallest purse so it's always at hand when waiting in lines while traveling. Lightweight, especially without the case. Shape of back provides easy grip. Accelerometer allows it to be held in either hand. Would like to be able to charge the reader and the case separate, but that's a minor thing.
Previous owner of an older kindle. Love the touch pad and back light on the voyage.
I purchase it for my wife, is very good, small and fast.
The voyager is light weight and easy to hold. Love the ability to have 3G and Wi Fi. Easily was able to transfer books from my old kindle keyboard. Holds a charge for up to 2 weeks and charges quickly. Great when traveling
Easy to use, good battery life, great back lighting.
I had the book e reader when it first came out and then I opted for a mini iPad but the lighting and reflection on the iPad made it difficult to read both at night time and day time when sunny. I did not realize how lightweight the kindle voyage is until I got it in the mail. Super easy to use and easy to transport! And best of all... Reading on the kindle voyage does not strain my eyes. Highly recommend this to my avid readers out there!
It is easy to use and have a huge selection of books, I recomend it
Kindle Voyage is absolutely the best! Easy to read in sunlight!Ordered from Best Buy and it shipped immediately!
Purchased it for my daughter. She love this very much. It is really good.
I had been using a Kindle Fire HD for a couple of years, but over time found I was mainly using it for reading. I had been considering switching to a pure ereader for a while, but was not convinced until I saw some specs on the Voyage. I ordered it right away and have been very happy with it.
Replaced paper white with voyage...amazing screen!
As above a high class e reader. Love it. Use it at least 2-3 hrs daily.
No complaints works great and the battery is awesome as always
Had the original Kindle and filled it. Upgraded to the Kindle Voyage and absolutely love it!
Got this as a gift for friend of mine they have been very happy with this can't believe how light it is and how well you can read the text. If you're up for him and don't want to be caring around an iPad or have battery life on the product while you're on location this is a must take with you product.
best e reader to date. yes it's a bit pricey, but it reads like a real book.
Very happy and satisfiedEasier to handle. Fast charging
I got this product for my boyfriend, and he absolutely loves it. He uses it all the time for reading. When I held it myself, I couldn't believe how small and lightweight it was. Very cool
Pricey? Yes... For serious readers and users of library e-books, completly worth it. While nothing beats a real book experience, traveling 4 days plus per week nothing beats the portability and ability to add from the library or Amazon on the fly... Never have to seek out light to read by (a noticeable improvement in the backlight), exceptional direct sun readability, not affected by polarized sunglasses... Great battery life... Great build quality... I expect it to last a long time... Only upgraded as I lost my last kindle on the train.
I gave my Paperwhite to a friend and bought the Voyage. I like the clearness of the screen and how easy it is to turn pages. I don't know that it's really worth all of the extra cost compared to the Paperwhite, especially since the new one just came out with 300 dpi.
Very easy on the eyes. Easy to carry, fits in my purse
This kindle is so sharp and turns pages quickly. I can finish books quickly and store so many on here. Perfect!
I've had Amazon Kindles since v1. Each new release surpasses the one before it, as you would expect, but does so in ways that always improve the user experience. I love the feel of this one - great size, great weight, and I love the backlit screen.
Like the smaller size. Can read in sunlight or no light. Carry in my purse to read when have time.
I wanted this when I first heard about it. My husband surprised me for my birthday. It was the best gift. Love Love it
the Kindle Voyage is the very best ereader that I've ever used. The light is great and does bother my eyes in the the dark at all (iPads, Fire and Nook tablets bother me in dim light and extended reading) while providing light read by. The controls are simple and easy to learn. However it is slightly pricey. For me the quality and relief are well worth the price.
I bought the Voyage kindle as an anniversary present for my wife and she LOVES it. The new dim light feature and matted glass screen are pretty amazing and work like a charm. She's able to read in all manner of lighting and places. This is a great eReader.
Note, the information on the Best Buy site is wrong, this is not a 4G device but rather a 3G device. It really makes no difference but just for clarity, lets get it right. Very light and small e-reader with a very good display and the squeeze functionality for page turning is a nice addition. Not a revolutionary device but evolutionary.
The Kindle Voyage is definitely the way to go. I bought this Kindle to replace my 1st generation Kindle because I wanted a more compact model and the 3G capability this one offers. I am definitely a fan!
I just loved it .. it was really nice .. I would definitely recommend to buy the product
Fast, solid, all the necessary features for an ebook. I like the side pressure page advance and the small size fits my small hands.
Replaced original paper white with this new model and the recipient just loves it!!
Excellent e-reader, with great download ability. I really do not need the 3G as most of my downloads are through my PC.
Easy to use and great value. Excellent viewing with good color
Long battery life, good screen, reasonably fast. Alexa.
Has been on my granddaughters kindle for many month and still working great
I am not a casual user of on-demand content and devices. Having tried smart tv's from 3 brands, smart dvd/bluray players, Apple TV, WDTV, HTPC, Chromecast and too many other competing products to mention--for streaming content, before this box you really had two options (for a simple to use box that doesn't require additional items or tweaking):First is Apple TV which is easy to use (interface) but Apple limits the content you can get greatly (including no Prime Streaming built in) and it lacks a lot in features as well and is slow. The reason for selecting Apple TV is if you have other apple products that unlock features (like Amazon's content).The second option you could consider was Roku--which really means a Roku 3 box since it is heads and tails better than past Roku boxes in terms of remote and speed. Now Roku stands out with the most content and the most features of any box with the Roku 3. It is for that reason you will see me address the Roku 3 so often in this review.I have added quick summaries of other options to make sure everyone knows about the other options out there.WDTV: Are great for streaming your own content but not very user friendly.Chromecast: Is very cheap at 35 but requires other items to use (no remote included!), is limited to 16 channels according to their own site with other content broadcast via Chrome's browser not at the same quality level. This does allow you to browse the internet on your tv and is amazing for the cost but is more of a niche market than FireTV/Roku/Apple TV. But if you can live with the short comings, it is worth a look at 1/3 the price of these devices.Smart TVs: Most of these are FINE for occasional use but not nearly as pleasant to use daily like separate boxes.Read more
This tablet is the perfect size and so easy to use. Read, play games or any other purpose--it is great!
Upgraded; easy to use; thinner; very happy with it.
It has a great camera and I really enjoy my games and Facebook on this larger screen than my phone. I love not using my data up on my phone.
This Kindle Fire is lighter than my old one. The speed is great & all apps load very quickly. I also like that it comes in different colors.
Fun product that can be used for many purposes. Great for streaming or reading on the go with great graphics. Makes an awesome gift!
The Kindle Fire is nice to use as a tablet to play games and surf the web as well as download and read books on. It has good speed, keeps a good charge and is affordable.
This is a very good reader for the money. Very versatile.
My sister in-law recommended these to my wife and I and I thought I would try one. They are just the right size to lay in bed of a evening and read a good book for a while.
I would recommend this excellent Amazon - Fire 7 Tablet product
My son has the Hd fire used for last 3 years, I bought this one for my moms birthday. She loves it. It's easy to navigate and the ability to increase the size of the print allows for the smaller screen cheaper price :)
is very good product and the difiitioin is very good thanks
Perfect for reading but also has many other functions. Downloaded my favorite games & travel apps. Set up easy. So far, works great.
fits easily into my purse or bag. small compact!!!
So far, so good. I'm quite pleased with the purchase. I had an early version of Kindle (pre-touch screen) and I didn't anticipate that added feature would make that much difference but it is so nice. I still like hard copy books but reading on the Kindle Fire is quite enjoyable.
Love the size of the tablet for travel, it responds to touches quickly and has a great picture!
I can read just about any book that is published and not leave my house to go to the store and have to buy them.
Love this kindle excellent price I just carry it everywhere. Fits perfectly in my purse.
This Kindle Fire 7 blows away my other tablet for performance, battery life, readability, color, and many other options. I love this size as well!
Great tablet for kids they love it it is also great that you can download music and movies through Amazon Prime
This is the forth kindle we have bought for grandchildren. With a spongy protective case, they take them everywhere.
This is a grate product and the price very fare just so happy with my Kindle!
Good device. My previous one was inherited and has a cracked screen.
Good choice for the price, good performance, and fast.
There are many apps and books available for free with this tablet, so it is very entertaining. It makes shopping online easy too with the Amazon store app.
Replaced a kindle 6 that crashed so fare everything is great. Larger screen fast response,more storage. Don't have to charge as often. Well pleased.
Perfect for the kiddos, both for entertainment and educational enjoyment!! Definitely best tablet for the price!
Purchased for parents who wanted to use it for photos, music, books and social media. Perfect size. The front and rear camera are easy to use and once we added FB, sharing photos was easy. Amazon apps are native to the device, so we have access to plenty of Kindle books. There are Amazon ads on the Kindle, but nothing that interferes with the overall usefulness of this device.
Very user friendly, perfect for my daughter's school research and books. She is very happy
I personally love this because i can bring it every where i go and sing and its fun
I love my amazon fire. This is the best product I've ever bought. I can get any books I want for way cheaper than they are on store.
My daughter loves her new Kindle. It has all of her favorite games. I love the parental controls of the kindle fires vs. standard Android tablets.
My granddaughter loved it. She used it for her school work.
easy to operate and has good color. use it when out and about.
All data from previous Kindle self loaded and was a seamless transition from old to new unit.
Bought for my wife to read ebooks. She has done that and in addition is playing games on it.Very pleased.
Love this tablet. I am not a computer... tablet geek and so I love how easy to use. I have 2 kindle fires, one for everything on a secure connection at home and one kindle (this one) that I travel with. I am not sure of security when I travel so I use this kindle when I travel for information -- google map, entertainment --youtube, games, ect.
Purchased for my 9 yr old nephew. Such a great price, he only wants to play games on it. His brother broke his original tablet, so this repaved it. He's happy! I also bought me one!
Got it for the kids and they love it. I am also a prime member as well there are so many great things for members, movies, apps, games and shows that are free. If you are looking for a simple tablet to help occupy some free time look into one.
I bought two of these as a birthday gift for my niece and nephew. They absolutely love them. They use it all the time to play games and music. Great deal, great price LOVE ITL:)
was a great purchase. loved the color and the camera feature
I got the Amazon - Fire - 7 - Tablet - 16GB - Blue for my 9 year old granddaughter. It is user friendly and she is able to navigate and use the tablet with ease. It is a great tool for her in school work since there are numerous apps. she is able to use for multiplication and division facts. A great product!
I love my Fire and the fact that I now have a place for my "library" that's not taking up space on my phone.
Great tablet. Drop it many times and its still working.
Exactly what we wanted from it, something to use the streaming apps when the tv is being used, and want something larger then your phone. Battery lasts days and was great purchase.
I would highly recommend the Kindle Fire. For a first time user it was really very easy to learn to navigate.
He and his wife are delighted with it and the acess to the huge number of books available.
I love my new Amazon Fire! I was very easy to use..
The amazon fire tablet is easy to use and set-up great tablet.
I needed a simple tablet to use in my car on long trips. Bought two of these and boy do they deliver!!! The best tablets for this price. The kindle book reader is an added bonus. The finishing is good. My kids love it.
Next generation of Kindle - with more storage. Allows the kids to download and play the favorite games
I bought this low-priced Kindle to test as a travel replacement for my 14-pounds of laptop. I wound up taking it on a month-long trip out of the country, and it was superb for email, online transactions like buying theatre tix, and finding and making various reservations. Also, outstanding performance for videos and music. All this for $70. Suggest you buy a USB-mini cable if you buy one of these superb devices. yokod
This is a great tablet for the price. Amazon is doing a good job
Awesome.. Everything I need and more. I'm very happy with the tablet.I'm very happy.Thank you,Kathleen Stroyek
I am happy to have udated my fire! I love having the camera work the way it should. WAy to use.
I love it. It is so easy to use and great apps to.
My kids read books play games take pictures they love this.
You always go back to the product brand that serves you well! Great price for the top rated quality!
Purchased as a replacement for a Kindle and it functions well as a Kindle and a tablet.
This is my second Kindle Fire and I wouldn't be without one. Excellent little device for reading books and playing games. Use it daily to watch Netflix.
Much lighter than my old kindle. Love it, love the fact that it has the camera too
Bought this for my grandson. The first one had issues and Best Buy exchanged it. My grandson loves it!!!
It has been useful for college looking up information I don't understand and for downloading books. It is also great for downloading apps such as Facebook, messageer, yahoo, google, Google maps, and the weather. It has also been great for downloading games.
The product was fine. I would definitely recommended to a friend.
My children love these kindles! They are so much better then the 1st ones we had & the price is better as well!
It's amazing. My daughter loves reading on it, watching Netflix, going online to look things up, etc. She loves the touchscreen aspect, and the settings are advanced, but very user friendly. Easy to navigate. Lots of great features for a very low price. The only negative is that the camera is not the best quality. But that's not important to her.
Love the color just the right size easy to set up works well for what I needed it for great price
This device really allows you to use it for multiple reasons. It's a tablet and kindle all in one. I love this device.
Good inexpensive device. Still in touch with modern technology.
This is my second Kindle. The first was a gift several years ago. The display and speed are much better.
Easy to use. Quick setup. Fantastic screen and the colors are vibrant.
This is a great tablet for the money. It works for what I need it for; checking emails, downloading books and magazines. Great price and very lightweight. I was able to Facebook Messenger my sister who lives in Alaska, which is something I had not been able to do with my phone or my laptop. So I am happy.
Gave as a gift to niece in hospital she loved it. Was able to do everything on the tablet she wanted to. Easy to use I was the one who set it up for her was very simple.
This is a great tablet for the price! Love the pink color!
I can use my tablet all time and your conecctions is very good
I love this tablet! I was not sure if I would like the screen size but it is just fine.
My son just love playing games on this tablet. Its easy and fun!
I bought this second Kindle for the larger storage space and love all the extra stuff I can do now.
I am not very tech savvy. But, in no time I was using my new Fire tablet. It is, very basic, but, I mostly use it for e-mail, facebook and browsing the internet. Good buy for the money.
I love my tablet!! I didn't think at first that I would like this size but it is perfect for me. I would recommend this tablet to all my friends.
I bought the 16 gig Fire 7 tablet and added the 64 gig sim card before I went on a trip to Iceland. My plan was to use it to read kindle books I had in my library, but also to use it to read email on the 7 day trip. Since it was a wifi only device, I was dependent on the hotels I stayed in to have wifi. No problem there, they all had free wifi. (This was great since I had tried to use my old kindle to access the internet and it never really worked, and no email was happening.)There were three bonuses: Internet access, games (solitare, sodoko, etc.) and movies on the plane, and when it was too rainy to get out my SLR to take pictures, I could use my camera on the Fire 7 and easily wipe the rain off of the screen. The fire was small enough that it was easy to put in my carry on and I didn't have to take it out for TSA screening. All in all, it was perfect for the trip, oh yes, I had subscribed to the Washington Post before I left and that meant I could keep up with the political news and hurricane Matthew circling back across the atlantic to hit Iceland and bite us. Only bad thing, not fire7's fault, was that because of matthew's rain, we didn't see any northern lights. Good thing I had my own personal entertainment system--Fire 7 tablet.
This tablet is perfect for my needs which are mostly online books.
Love my kindle it's the best size for the price. Wonderful applications to download for reading, play movies and music. A plus rating
Great price for a Kindle Fire. Lightweight, easy to hold and use.
works well worth the price good quality product have not had a problem
I've had kindles for years and this latest one is also right up at the top
The images are crisp and text very easy to read. Apps are good and easy to navigate. Love it.
I'll update this after Christmas but I read many reviews when purchasing ANYTHING. Surprised to having read about many problems with the Fire 8. That's why I'm going with the reliable 7. Its a good starting tablet for the wife and she mentioned it to me. Went with the higher storage 16gb over 8 even though you can buy micro sd cards up to 128gb now. Picked up a case at BB (1/2 price) and a micro sd (32gb).Just wait till Christmas morn now
Got this tablet to replace the one that had the screen cracked, cheaper than getting the screen replaced
This is a great product at a great price I would definitely recommend this to anybody especially good for college students or people that read books etc.
This is so awesome, I can check my email when I'm not at home, if the place I'm visiting has WIFI. It also plays games! A true multi-tasker!
My granddaughter loved her tablet and the color. It's amazing how easy it is for her to use, perfect birthday gift
Love it. It does all I need and then some. Great price and great features.
This tablet has been wonderful for my 8 yr old son. The parental controls are perfect for making sure he doesn't purchase the wrong things.
Decent camera, clarity on the screen, fast downloads.
This is a great tablet at a great price! We bought a number of them as raffle prizes for our employee appreciation party and everybody loved them!
I bought two of these, one for my son and the other for nephew, they love it. I downloaded kidsmode on it and all their educational games they can play besides regular Games.
Kindle fire is great! I already have one myself, so am happy to be giving one as a gift!
This device performs great! For the price it's really a steal. Affordable and easy to use.
Bought for the grandkids and they work great might get one for myself
Upgraded my kindle, easy and fast transfer from old to new
I have not been a fan of anything Android, but Amazon did this one right. I've had none of the issues I've experienced with other Android tablets, and it works great for shopping, browsing, reading, and listening to music.
Tablets are best used for personal reading. Clear and it like a book. you dont have to sahre
I love this and it's great for kids got it for a early Christmas gift for a friends son and he loves it
Bought this for my 9 year old granddaughter. She loved it. Easy to use and excellent display. I am considering one for myself now that I've seen and used hers. Very light also.
Purchased as a gift, the recipient is very happy and surprised with the performance, thinking of buying another one for myself.
I love the fact that this Kindle has an expansion slot so I can add memory for movie and music (and book!) downloads! Awesome!
It was amazing everything was perfect and it came on time
Gave it to my grandkids (ages 3, 4 & 9) for Christmas and they loved it.
Gave it to my grandkids(ages 3, 4 & 9) for Christmas and they loved it.
Boxed well, easy to set up, and pretty easy to get the hang of.
It is good tablet for any age love it very easy to use
I APPRECIATE the ease of purchasing and reading ! I have found every book title I want plus the recommended books have led me to find new Authors!
Easy to use. A useful source for kids activity while on the road load up movies books and games! Cheap product but great use good education for ur kids too
Love the features my new Kindle Fire has - very user friendly!
Good tablet for the price, and excellent for kids.
I am pleasantly surprised at how well this works. I bought the e reader and it didn't work so I was nervous buying this kindle. But it works great and my son loves it!
If you are a Amazon Prime member, this is one of the best tablets to have, awesome!
Purchased these for Christmas gifts. Assuming they were satisfactory because I didn't hear of need for returning. Purchased as angel tree gifts for preteens.
My second Kindle fire. Lives up to Amazon'so description
Easy for reading, easy to hold - can send emails, takes pictures - must be connected to WIFI to get setup.
I bought this tablet for my 10 year old grandson. He loves it! It is very easy to operate and has a great display.
So happy with the color choices! This will be perfect for my 10 year old and I am thrilled with thr price!
This Fire worked great but I returned it because it was not the one I wantedBest Buy took it back for a full refund with no problems Best Buy is alsome
Very nice tablet I like the size of it too nice for a young person
My daughter likes her new kindle. It's her second one! She was surprised we bought her another one. The first one lasted 4 years!
Allows me to watch and read digitally. Great product
This is a great gift has every thing you need to have fun
She loves it, she has one of the first Kindles and uses it daily, so this new one was a surprise and she enjoys the color in some of the cookbooks. The clarity and the Washington Post was an added feature, and fact that it was so easy to use.
I reviewed a lot of tablets before I bought this one. It is the first one I have ever purchased. I am no tech geek and it was pretty easy to figure out how to use it. I mostly bought it for and use it for: reading e-mail, facebook, and browsing the internet. I really like it and use it more than my laptop. But, if I need to do anything detailed, I use my laptop. Overall it's a great tablet for a beginner, and you can't beat the price.
Gave this product to my nephews and they love it. Easy to carry and easy to use.
Faster and good quality for this kind of brand ...
Brother in law loves it. He's not very technical so perfect for him.
This tablet is great. So glad I purchased this item.
This tablet was a gift for my father-in-law and is his first tablet ever. He is really enjoying getting to know his way around it. It's definitely user friendly and perfect for reading, music, and things like that!
So far my Fire is working well. I did have difficulty setting it up initially and had to ask a Best Buy tech to help me out. Connecting with my wireless was the most difficult step. The print is easy to read and can be enlarged. It is nice to be able to access e-mail. I find that it is easier to use if placed in a book-style protective case. That makes it easier to hold while reading. Anyone should enjoy using the Fire!
Perfect Tablet for my grandkids. Easy for them to use as the parent can set up controls on this tablet. ABC Mouse can be downloaded for preschool kids which is a plus. Purchased 4 one for each of my grandchildren so there is no more fighting of tablets. Great find! Thank you Best Buy. Also I purchased the insurance for these tablets because you know how little ones are. Overall everyone was very happy at Christmas
Good deal and great product. An affordable tablet from a well known trusted brand
This was purchased for my grandson for Christmas, he is so in love with it, Great price and quality. Will probably get another grandchild one.
I bought this for my husband for Christmas since our daughter uses the other tablet all the time. He has barely put it down since he opened it!! He uses it mostly for reading and some internet browsing. Overall I am happy with the product and have had no issues so far.
Bought this tablet for my son..great battery life, shipped fast..great value!
The Fire tablet is great, we just bought our second. It's screen is pleanty big enough to see, but small enough to fit in my jacket pocket.
Great to view movies, play games, surf the net. Makes shopping on Amazon music easy
bought this as a christmas gift for our son, it holds a lot of games and is very easy to use
this is the best tablet out there.....great bang for your buck
Love this tablet! This is my second. Just couldn't beat the price!!
This is a great tablet. There are thousands of books and movies and music to choose from the Amazon store. It is very easy to navigate
We purchased 2 ... one for each grandson so they can watch movies and play games. Like the parental controls. That was very important to us.
This tablet is perfect for travel! Recently took it on a trip and the battery lasted the entire day with watching shows on and off on Netflix. Great first tablet!
Was looking around for a good cheap tablet and this was the best one I could find especially because Best Buy was having a sale so with the Fire, a case, a stylus and a MicroSD card I only spent a little over a $100. I've been using it just about every day since I got it in December and I've not had any problems with it at all
Bought online for my granddaughter and she loves it, I have to get one for myself after seeing the quality of the picture,
Kids love it! Great Christmas present even if not an apple product.
I love this tablet. One of the best out there on the market.
I was looking for a tablet for my 5 year old. This tablet was definitely worth the price and it's not a "kiddie" tablet, as she calls them.
Bought it as a gift for my aunt. She says that she loves it uses it everyday! Does a lot more than her old Kindle.
Loving my Christmas gift - best gift that I've received in awhile. I love the ease of downloading books and having something new to read at any given time.
screen works great sound is sufficient all around good tablet
The Amazon Fire is excellent small compact, got it for my daughter's Christmas, she loves it. My daughter bought one for her grandfather which is 83 years old, he's doing good with it easy to use.
This tablet is great for browsing the internet, very affordable
This kindle fire is great. The kids love it. They can watch shows and play games. Keeps them entertained.
Awesome price on Black Friday! Great tablet for reading and searching the Internet. Has expandable memory slots which is great!
It is a great tablet believe it or not it is also great for kids use parental controls.
The amazon fire tablet is awesome..my kids love it
loves it perfect for kids sound quality picture perfect
It has a clear screen, the books are easy to download, I like the other features as well.
Excellent Reader and Product for the price. Very easy to use
This was a gift , was able to talk to an associate and was offered the Amazon tablet at a great price. I'm so thankful for Best Buy and it's knowledgeable sales associates.
This tablet has great graphics compared to the base android. I bought the kids protective case to use when the grandkids come over. Long battery life.
First bought the Fire HD 8" for myself and liked it so well that I got this one for my wife.
Great product for the price I paid. Highly recommended.
This was a purchase for Christmas! Great tablet to surf the web or read books on! Would recommend for any age!
My teens needed something they could use to read favorite books, watch movies, edit photos, and catch up with friends on social media. The Kindle Fire 7 tablet covered all this and more at a great price.
i love the kindle fire 7 tablet. it is wonderful and awesome.
It is perfect for kids. My youngest son can use it
I wanted something simple for my Mom to use and this is perfect for her.
This is a great devise for reading books or taking photos. Best Buy Associate was very helpful.
This is a low cost item that provides huge returns for the money spent. It is a great little tablet.
For a basic tablet, this is perfect. Good price. Does all I need it to!
For the price you can't beat this little tablet, it does an awesome job!
The Fire Tablets are by far the best value on the market. They are parent friendly with the parental controls and kid friendly with he ease of use.
I hope to find all my books in the electronic format.
This was a great tablet for the price for my wife. Perfect size and good for traveling.
I love my tablet. It is easy to use and it was ready to go when I turned it on.
This product is great! It is great for those that enjoy using it for reading but also for entertainment. It is the perfect size for sitting in a coffee shop or on your couch to read a book or watch your favorite tv show.
A friend recommended the tablet and I am happy with it.
I bought this tablet for my kids to watch videos and use mostly educational games on it and they love it.
For the price this is a great tablet. Got it for my wife for Christmas and she loves it.
I so love my Amazon fire tabletYou have.everything you want books, games etc. The picture are so clear and beautiful. I can't keep my son off of it . I'm thinking about getting another for him .He love watching videos of his favorite show
I love this tablet. It is the right size and I love playing movies on it.
This tablet is perfect for the kids. Easy to use, dependable, and affordable.
My Kids are 5 and 9 and love their kindles! I would recommend.
This was gift for my step son. It is easy to use and set up.
Tablets are excellent for Youth Sunday School class.
I like to read and the kindle is great. It's easy to carry with you. You can buy affordable books. I also like the fact you can access the internet.
My son is 6 and loves it. It's very easy to use...
My mom loves it for reading. My mom is not tech savvy but she was able to adapt pretty quickly.
Ok so when i got this tablet i was not expecting to much from it but now that i have used it...its AMAZING. PROS.their is no lag at all when play high graphic games, pretty easy to use, very fast speedCONS. in my opinion their is only 2 things that drive me insane the screen feels like plastic very uncomfortable and the camera is not the best but it is good for everyday life photos.OVERALL GET THIS TABLET BETTER Deal then the galaxy tab s2
I was pleasantly surprised to see the Kindle for sale IN the store!! I love my Kindle, especially since I was able to expand the memory! I love that it's portable, to be honest, when given the choice, I find my self on my Kindle over my laptop.The only thing I can complain about, is why in the world Amazon choose s to make it nearly a miracle to find a case for its most popular model?????If you don't have a Kindle, you don't know what your missing!!
Great sharp pictures and easy navigation. Enjoy the different background option for my books.
Super easy to setup for the kids to use. Parental controls are a bonus.
I have this model Kindle and purchased another for a gift.He is not very savy but Kindle makes it sooo easy, he is happy.Such an easy tablet!
Samsung Experience Professionals Jon, Neil and Tony were an ideal match for someone looking to upgrade to a new phone. The sales deal was unbelievable - $200 Best Buy card upon upgrade to a Galaxy 7 phone. The sales points that won my business were battery life and charging power. New phone can connect wireless charge without adapter. I am a very happy customer.
Bought for my son. Works great. Great tablet for the $.
This was purchased for my mom who is not a computer person. It is very easy for her to use.
I love how easy and interactive product is. Set up in a snap with easy to follow directions.
Works great! Just the right size. Would recommend to family and friends.
Great product. Excellent for small business, kids etc. Good on the go.
Nice camera. Learning how to use it, but it is easy
I brought this for my granddaughter and she loves it. She is able to download all of her games and apps that she uses to have on the iPad.
I bought this for my daughter who uses it in her AP classes...easier to use a bigger screen than her phone screen in class. She loves it!Price was great!
Got this for my grandmother who's not very tech savvy but she was able to learn how to use it quickly.
It's so easy to use and fun! I watch shows on Netflix and MTV apps
I love my Kindle! It's perfect for reading my favorite books!
This is a good size tablet! It is fast and responsive.
This Kindle is amazing for children and tweens. Its sturdy and light and fun to use.
This tablet is great for games and music. My son enjoys playing games and music on this device.
Purchased this for my fiance's youngest son for Christmas and also to replace his broken "no name" handheld. He loved it. The speed, ease of use and size were perfect for him. He mostly uses it for music, youtube and instagram..all of which seem to work fine on it. It was also very affordable. He's happy with it so we are too.
I love this tablet/kindle. I can access email, Facebook, play simple games, shop online and read my books.
So i have bought every generation of Kindle since they came out and they have all been fantastic, especially for read school books.
The Fire makes easy reading. I also love the internet capabilities and the apps that I can access with ease. The horizontal book format for reading makes it even better to read through each book. I receive my emails quickly wherever I may be, as long as I am connected to wifi. I would recommend the Fire to anyone. And the personnel at the Beat Buy store were very knowledgeable about this product and helped me a great deal through the buying process.
Can carry a ton a of books around with ease and read any where
I love my Fire reader! The best feature is being able to change the screen to black with white letters. This is much easier on my sensitive eyes.
I use mine for email, Facebook ,games and to go on line. I also have down loaded books. I use it to take photos. It is small and be taken easily. I would recommend it to anyone .
I got it just for my son and he can get on and play games and watch videos no problem, the parental controls are amazing and keep him in his specific apps
This tablet is so great for school children to play and learn on.
I bought this to stream HD music via bluetooth to my stereo. Works great and for the price offered can't be beat.
Easy to use and love all the things I can do on it.
This is an excellent device, however, I did take this back and exchanged it for an 8 which I simply love.
Got for reading Amazon books. Works great. Would recommend.
Just love this tablet.does everything teenage grandson needs it to do! I also buy one for my granddaughter!
nice to have to watch netflexs on in bed and relax.
So easy to use super clear can't. Beat the price all around great buy
I debated on what tablet/reader to buy and decided on the fire! I have been very pleased with it. Bought it on sale, what a great price!
I'm an author and frequently give these away as promotional prizes. My readers love them.
My son and I both love the Amazon fire! He's 8 and plays his games and downloads books. I download books and watch movies and shows
Great tablet for reading and game play. Color is great.
I love the touch screen aspect still love the original.
I love this tablet,I use it for school readings ,for my philosophy class , my Mac book is to delicate to take to school,but my fire tablet is perfect !
Product is great. Plenty storage for lots of books
amazon fire 7 inch tablet is a great product and works great and no issues
Works great, makes a great gift! .................
Amazon's Kindle Fire line only gets better as price gets lower. This is my 3rd Kindle Fire purchased, the first 2 still work well after daily use for more than 3 yrs. A sleeker new design makes the product look more relevant. Some definate improvements over the earlier versions include the rear camera, moving the charging port to the top, and a crisper, clearer screen. The Operating system seems to have been upgraded as well and now is more like a cell phone than a mini computer which I think helps it as well. Holds a charge for a good while under normal use. Am already thinking about replacing the other 2 to the newer generation models. Absolutely will recommend Amazon Kindle FIre to anyone who will listen.
The kids will have a lot of fun time with games and learning
My son uses his tablet on a daily basis. He makes sure he has his case on it and can use all the apps. I can also use it and put on parental protections.
My daughter loves it. She can read books and watch movies.
Grandson was so happy & pleased with the Fire tablet. He was able to download & start playing within minutes of purchase. Would buy another if the need existed.
Love it. So easy to use. I previously had a Nook Color, but since the newest Nook was having problems getting library books at the time I decided to go with Kindle. Worried I would lose the Nook books I had purchased over the years. Nope not a problem. Just had to download a couple of apps. m.getjar.com to download 3rd party apps. Once that is downloaded, open m.getjar and find Nook there. Easy peasy.
This is my second Kindle Fire and I have been extremely pleased with them both. This second one is much more versatile, and I love it!
Perfect for my granddaughter birthday. She loves to read. So many books
Using the Kindle to read books and stream videos is very easy and enjoyable.
Great price works great I have no complaints about the product I would recommend to any one that loves kindle
Great customer service at Best Buy I was able to navigate through the product before actually purchasing it I will def be back and highly recommend it
This tablet really is worth every penny I paid plus a lot more. My daughter loves it, it allows her to do everything she wants plus provides the durability needed. We haven't purchased a case yet but have not been pressed to either the back layer has a good grip, so she holds it securely with no slipping. She can access her school work, load videos to musically and video chat with friends.
This is a newer version of the Fire I had previously and I love it. I like the camera. This version is lighter than the other. It is taking me a while to learn the differences but most of them are improvements.
good tablet for the price its quick and easy to use
For the money I highly recommended it. It is great when linked to Netflix, Disney Movies, etc
I bought this for my niece and she loves it. Works great.
I like this tablet very much except that they have a game or app one has to clear before one gets to the main screen. Other than that the battery lasts a long time and its compact and easy to use.
This tablet is light weight and thin which makes it ideal to hold on my hands. I love it!
For 7 year old. Now has two in different colors - can tell what is on which one by color.
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. I could set her as a user and make it safe for her age. I downloaded books and apps with ease. I'm glad that she is loving her Fire.
I wanted to buy my mom a simple tablet that she could easily work. Great for beginners.
This is a great little tablet to carry around. Love that it is easy on my eyes and has very clear picture.
nice size screenlike feachers included storage very goodexcellent color clarity
I like the price and features of the tablet . Its great in this price
My Fire Kindle is wonderful and I use it all the time.
I bought this for my mother for Mother's Day. She absolutely loves it. She uses it everyday. Best thing I ever bought for her.
My daughter loves it. She loves the books that she can read.
This was a gift for my grandson and he loves it. It is easy to use and keeps him occupied for hours.
This was a great gift for my son. He wanted a reader for e-books and was delighted to have a tablet to search the web, do e-mails, etc
I'm was so pleased with this tablet, I bought a second one for my father. We both love it.
Had a kids fire and switched to this with a kids case and tempered glass this time works really well for kids
Upgraded from a galaxy tablet that was 4 years old. So worth it.
This was a great Christmas gift for our grand daughter.
Works great and nice links to Amazon if you have a prime account.
Bought my 11 year old niece and my 7 year old nephew one a piece for their Birthdays and they love it! Great Tablet for all ages and very user friendly.
I purchased this as a gift for my mother. Her first tablet and she loves it. Easy for her to navigate.
I use this tablet to control music on my surround sound home speaker system. It works great for that purpose. Streams directly to the receiver with no lag, and fits perfectly on the wall. Great device for this purpose
Step son wanted a tablet and nowadays kids are up to date on technology so the kid friendly tablets weren't enough for him. Perfect for kids when iPads are way too expensive for a first tablet
Blue is beautiful & allows grand-daughter to be able to tell which one is hers. Loves the piano program and challenging herself to play as much of the song as she can. Nice size for traveling with.
Nice gift for the grandson. He will get much use of it! It was nice that it was available in different colors so that he could tell his apart from his sister's.Nice size for traveling with.
This item works great and fitst anywhere. I have no complaints...
This is a first for an adult. Price is right, easy to use and just the right size.
Tablet could use a better speaker otherwise a great tablet
I love it! I'm a senior and was able to set it up and get library books without help.
Bought this for my mom who is in her 70's. It's perfect and easy to use for the older generation.
I was worried that my son wasnt going to like the software, but he's having lots of fun with it
This tablet is excellent! I'm able to download books, watch hulu and Netflix, as well as play games. Overall a wonderful product!
I can read books, listen to books, go on facebook, shop, search the web almost anything on my brand new Kindle Fire!!
Good reader, nice small tablet, charging cord is to short.
Love this tablet have had several others but this brand works everytime..very happy with my purchase
I love my Amazon Fire tablet it does exactly what I needed to do.
This is the 4th tablet I have bought for my 10-year-old son over the past few years. He is just rough with the. I made sure to purchase the rubber cover and I am set. There is plenty of space on the tablet for him to keep the fun apps that he likes. He is managing well with it. Glad I purchased it.
My son loves his kindle fire tablet. It is perfect
This is a great tablet. Great for the price. Very fast and easy to use.
I'm very ignorant of tablets. I bought this for my 2 year old and it has a lot to offer.
Godchild loves it. He works it very well. Haven't had any problems
I have had 4 kindles over the years , got to have one to read my books & relax
Does exactly what it is needed for my daughter and comes at a great price.
Bought this for my son, it's been through some stuff and still going strong
Reliable with great memory and storage. Excellent battery life. Would recommend to young and old.
My old kindle had no camera and was much thicker. This one has a great camera and is much slimmer.
Nice size and color. It was easy to grip. very pleased
Good product and the quality of the product is good. Easy to use.
great product to use , easy to setup and use.. with all amazon options
Using for Pandora in an office setting. Set up with older system and speaker system - works great.
I bought this one for a family member because I loved mine so much! She was very pleased.
Like how I was able to buy a version with more memory. Love this works great.
This is a excellent low cost tablet. bundled with Amazon ecosystem. Low cost. responsive. I use it for light web browsing and making orders on Amazon. Also easy to stream video using amazon video prime, Netflix Hulu, and HBO Now.Easy Access to all my Kindle Books and more memory than the 8GB version
This has been a great purchase. It fits all my tablet and e-reader needs.
First got the fire stick so the tablet was a great addition.
I wanted to upgrade my Kindle Fire - First Edition. This one is really nice. Graphics are superb as is the speed in loading. I don't know, yet, what else it can do as I haven't explored it thoroughly. It's like a mini lap top and has a camera that takes very clear pictures and has wireless connection to the internet.
Amazon - Fire 7 Tablet 16GB has been easy for me to learn how to use. I like that I can read free books from the library. It has everything I wanted and is a nice size for holding.
Tablet is very easy to use and navigate the internet
She love it. She said it easy to use.She love it very much
I love, love my kindle fire magenta. the color is awesome this is a truly the best kindle fire I ever owned . the colors availablesare awesome .
This tablet has been so good that I bought 4 so far.All my nephews and nieces have one and they are loving it.
I love the tablet....I just can't do without the tabelt
The Amazon FIre Tablet is awesome. My daughter loves it very much. It is very easy to access and download your apps. The settings functions are very easy to use and program.
I liked it so much I got 2 and the battery life is amazing. I will buy more when ever they go on sale I have 8 grandkids, these would be perfect for them.
Bought this as a Mother's Day gift. Fits perfect inside her pocketbook for accessible use.
purchased for my mother-in-law for Mothers Day, she is not a computer person, the ease of use was great for her!!! just touch the pic!!
My daughter picked this tablet after her HD Fire battery would no longer work. The insurance kicked in and she picked this one instead of the HD. She wanted more memory for her music does not use it to watch movies really. She loves the blue color and is working just perfect for her.
it works great it is handy to use to look stuff up fast and has some great features.i added a memory card to add movies and it works great for that at a great price
Bought this for a family member to get her school books on as well as entertainment. She loved it and didn't put it down.
This tablet is perfect for my six year old's learning apps.
Purchased for a gift. Person receiving it loved it and is extremely happy with it.
This is my 2nd Amazon tablet. I love it. I also bought one for my husband & mother in law.
Easy to use and set up. It is the best tablet for reading books or listening to audiobooks.
I bought both of my children one of these tablets...they love it.
Love my kindle! At the price it is the best value in tech right now!
Bought this to carry around for Internet and gaming. So far very happy.
I would highly recommend this kindle. It is user friendly and not to big. But large enough to see easily
I got this to replace my Samsung tablet. I read alot and so i figured that the kindle would be ok to use. I have found that it works great with the books that I read and I really like the Blue Light feature making it easier to fall asleep reading.
For the price this does a lot. Purchased as a gift for my mother who is in here 70's. She loves that she can play her games and download books to read when ever she wants. Great value.
Does what we need it to. Able to download apps that make it fun.
This is a great tablet if you have reasonable expectations. And you should definitely pay the extra $20 (for a total of $69) and get the 16 GB tablet. Is it the fastest tablet out there? Definitely not. Does it quickly do all sorts of business spreadsheets applications, etc? No. Does it do everything that an i-pad etc can do? No. But at this price point it can't be beat. People say that you can't download chrome and the google playstore. They are WRONG. I have both on this tablet and my other fire, without rooting them. And with the ability to add a 128 GB card it's a no brainer if you want to play games, watch movies/tv, surf the net, email etc. I know there are a lot of people who dislike Amazon and their products, but I am obviously not one of them.
I love my new Fire tablet. Nice backlight helps me to read my E-book in bed. Background color can be changed. I especially like the black background with white lettering; less glare on my eyes while reading.
I bought two of these for my 82 year old mother and 88 year old aunt - they love them! Easy to use! Great gift. Can't wait to buy one for me!
I love this tablet.It is very efficient and easy to use.
Great tablet for the price. We have a tendency to go through multiple tablets a year with the little kids. This is a great price and does everything we want for our young kids.
I am really enjoying it !! Love it ! Sales person was also great
I use this all the time for playing games and reading books, it's great for surfing the web too.
I love the tablet and would buy it again and would tell my family and friends about the fire tablet
We have always been Nexus Tablet desciples, and in fact have bought 6-8 of them for self and family members. This one was for granddaughter to replace Nexus that had gotten slow.This one works better/faster than the Nexus! It's fast....easy to use; perfect tablet for a child or teenager...and can't beat the price!Very pleased with purchase....
I wanted a lighted ebook reader and also access to the internet in a small format. The Fire meets my needs at a great price.
I love to read and have other tablets but the kindle fire is light weight and was easy to set up There are alot of books and audio products that you can buy and get for free.
great tablet for web access and works well gaming no reason to spend more unless you need a larger screen
I love the camera quality and secured apps available for download. But if you're looking for specific apps research to see if it's available first. Had to return to get an android tablet for gaming purposes
This is my first fire and I love it! It is perfect for taking my books on the go without having the large bulky books!
I wanted a tablet mainly to keep by my chair so I could look up stuff, such as information about movies I watch on TV, or answers to the New York Times crossword puzzle, or anything else I was curious about. I didn't want to spend much money, but was still dubious whether such an inexpensive tablet could be any good. I decided that for a measly fifty bucks (plus $20 for extra storage), it was worth a shot. I found that it's perfect for my purposes - relatively fast and easy to use. I haven't used it for downloading or the like, but my guess is it'll be OK there, too. I'm happy I bought it.
Very happy with the HD Fire 16GB. Plenty of memory and easy to navigate. I would definitely recommend this item.
Nice device I like to use it to read books online.
This was my brother's first laptop and he loves it.
I love my new Amazon Fire tablet it's great!! The perfect size to fit in my purse so that I can take it with me. I would definitely recommend to a friend.
I actually had a kindle. But I have grand daughters and they always want to play with it when they come over .. Soo removed all my books from it and put their games on it and got me a new one for me... Now we are all happy. They watch you tube and Netflix and play games. It's a win win.
Perfect for surfing web. Love the size, not too big, not too small.
It's perfect for me when I'm doing homework or just surfing the web when I'm at a Starbucks or just at home.
I have had a regular black and white Kindle for years and I love it, but i wanted something back lighted to take on vacation and night reading. The Fire is perfect, small and light and easy to use.
Bought it as a gift, wife loves it. Plenty of memory and available apps.
So my old kindle stopped working recently. Not sure why but it would not connect to our new router. So I checked with Best Buy and saw they had Kindle on sale for $60 which is a great deal for a color kindle tablet. I especially like that I can setup the reading mode which dims the tablet and removes the blue led light. So far I have read 5 books in the past 2 months on this kindle and it flawless.
Nothing is perfect (even IPad). But for what you can do with this product for this price it is real excellent. Have more than one. One for work and one for home.
Great steelbook for a great movie. this steelbook is amazing
My 5 year old loves his tablet. It's perfect for him.
I bought this kindle for my dad. The size is just perfect, not too big nor too small, and light to carry around.
This tablet can be literally dropped over a thousand times and the screen wont crack. I bought the HD 6 when it came out for my daughter. I just had to replace it because it wasn't charging anymore, it wasn't the cord itself but the device on the inside failed to identify that the cord was plugged in.The best quality tablet i have ever seen. Amazon has a great product and will never buy any other brand of tablet.
Great product would recommend it this to others. Have a great picture.
I'm very happy with my purchase. I bought one because my wife has one and is very happy with hers.
My wife loves reading, and being able to have so many books to choose from is great. The price of the kindle is also great. If you factor in the cost of books. This was a great investment for her.
A great tablet for the price--really no major complaints!
Any Kindle product I have purchased is easy to use
Watch it over & over again!!! Blu ray is the best!
Very happy with my purchase. The tablet works amazingly good for the price.
Bought it for my mom, it was real easy to transfer her downloads from her phone to the tablet..
This was a replacement for another fire. It's the best tablet we've had and does everything we need it to.
My 4 Year old grandson likes to play games and watch movies. This was the best ever purchase I've done.
I bought this tablet for my son. He damaged the previous one but it was good for his purpose. He loves to play the Minecraft app and can read a book with ease. I don't have a tablet for myself. If I did, I would get the Fire. All I would really need it for would be to surf the Web and use the apps. For the price, u can't go wrong.
You couldn't get a better buy for $59 than the Amazon fire 7. Paid the extra $20 to get the 16gb. Well worth it.
This is a great value for the money. It is easy to use and has a lot of great features . In addition to the ability to read books on it, I can listen to music; play games and use it as a camera. It is a great value for the money. The screen is large enough to make reading easy.
bought this kindle for my grandson, he loves it and it very easy to use
My son uses this tablet for movies and music and to surf the internet. For the money it has been fantastic.
The best product name on the market,no doubt about it.
This is just perfect for my 7 year old nothing fancy, parental control is a bit confusing but i got it now, the case is perfect to keep it.safe just get a sd card for extra memory
I gave it away. It was too nice for me. The person I gave it to was gleeful.
I bought two of these for two of my children. The parental controls are great and I can easily control their access to content. The ability to make them do something educational like read for 30 min before playing games is awesome. This tablet does everything I wanted it to do.
Bought it for my wife and I haven't heard any complaints, so I think it's great. If she's happy I'm happy
Paired this with a Bluetooth keyboard and now I have a very mini laptop. I also have a first generation kindle and even that one still works perfectly (my daughter uses it)
Great tablet, so affordable and an awesome service!
The best Kindle I have ever used. It does everything.
The Apple Watch is great. I am very happy with the purchase.
I love the functionality of this Amazon Tablet. Bought one for me and one for the hubby!
I love my Amazon Fire tablet, I bought this all the while knowing that people had negative reviews... But honestly I don't know what they did to theirs because mines doesn't have any issues... I've had mines for over a month and still working perfectly like I just bought it yesterday...
Bought the Amazon Fire tablet and love it. Beyond my expectations. Great value for the money. So happy I made the purchase.
I got this for my mother as a gift. She absolutely loves it. She was wanting a small, cheap tablet and this fit her needs.
My son love this and it's his favorite piece of technology so far.
I purchased two of these tablet a pink and blue. They was for my 5 and 7 years children. They really love their tablets. Yes, it was a birthday gift.
This was perfect for entertaining my 20-month old great grandson during car trips, shopping and bedtime.
The protective rubber guard works so well. Easy parental controls
Easy to use meet standards my kids really enjoyed it
Initially we purchased the Kids Kindle Fire for our 3 year old. The parental controls and time limitations are super easy to set up. We have a Samsung Galaxy tablet that our 9 year old son uses, but we ended up getting a second Fire for him because it seemed very kid-friendly and I didn't have to worry about any inappropriate content popping up. Lots of good educational apps and games.
My son is 18 months and this kids him nice and quiet
Easy to use. Great for kids. Great for mom when kids steal mom's phone. Lightweight. Great protective case. But it gets really dirty, real quick.
My grandson loved this. He is 4 and it was perfect.
It's the perfect tablet for a kid to watch cartoons and play games. The protection is awesome!
Love the case it helps the tablet be safe so the screen doesnt break to easy
Bought this for a 2 year old. She loves it! She's already got more things figured out on it than I do!. Good educational programs and some fun ones too!
My grand daughter loved it. She plays with it all the time.
the product is working perfectly and the service was greatThank you
its a great great gift that can be used by everyone
Nice sturdy case. Good way to start children on tablets.
This a great tablet for a child. Fully functional Amazon fire tablet with a special GUI just for the little ones . Plus a 2 year warranty no matter what happens to it. Definitely worth it!
My son love it. He watch his favorite cartoon shows and love to read books
Really good for KIDS use kids lock so they don't see what the don't suppose to see love this
Great for my 7 year old she loves it!!! Great price and great product!!!
My daugther used to have a leap frog tablet, but when it started to have battery issues I went to the store and found out that they no longer produced the tablet, so best buy gave me store credit and they recomended me this tablet. My daugther loves it and so do I. On kidz mode I can rest assured that she is only going to see kids safe content like interactive book, games and apps. On tablet mode she can watch movies with the SD card slot which can go all they way to 128GB!I put a 32 GB which help us on our loooong christmas trip...
Works great. Easy to set time limits and goals. Easy to set up multiple profiles. Excellent product. As advertised.
This washer and dryer is very basic but still nice with lots of options. Great for my small family. Worth the money!
Thought this would be too advanced for my 3 year old, but she loves it. Easy for her to navigate and learn patience. Games, books and apps are great for the age range. Parental controls have kept her honest.
Thought this would be too bland for an 8 year old, but he loves it. Games, books and apps are great for the age range. Parental controls have kept him honest.
I bought this for my 4 year old granddaughter. She loves it and now thinks its great since she has her own computer she says.
My daughter hasn't put it down since Christmas. We're both in love! It's very easy for her to operate (she's 2) and very easy to set up. It's a win win for both parent and child.
I bought this for my 5 yr old granddaughter. She loves it. It has many games and other games can be downloaded. She is also able to watch videos and mom can set parental controls to limit time and usage.
Durable , worth every penny, got it for our 2 year old daughter , amazed how easily she can navigate it
Needed a tough little tablet for my grandson. Had it a couple of months and has held up very well.
The Screen resolution is great and I like the built-in case
Bought this for my 3 year old grandson and he loves it good learning tool along with great fun for him!
It is safe .. love the thick case & its fun fir my kids
My son loves it he's only 3 understands how to use it and I can see it has helped him learn word animals and etc.. it's a very good way to keep the brain moving and active.
This is great for any child. Love the parental control and way it holds up. Definitely recommend
I am very happy with this purchase. Keeps my grandsons entertained. Easy to set up and use.
This tablet has many educational games for a preschooler.
Easy to use great cover and a lot of options for app games. My daughter loves it.
My 5 year old son loves his kindle. He can fully work it himself. We love all the he age appropriate games, learning apps, and books. The case is great for all those accidentally drops.
I purchased this for my daughter, and she loves it! I love the user friendly parental controls!
My son is 4 and he loves it. Super easy to use for kids.
My son is 3 and he loves it so easy to use. It's great.
This is the best child's tablet and some adults like me can benefit from the warranty and matched case
This is the second kindle my daughter has been using and its been good.
Very easy to set up with an Amazon prime account. Haven't had to pay anything, great for small kids. Like the protective cover that goes on this device
I got this for ky 3 year old and she loves it. She has dropped it a fews times, once outside and it just bounced. I also love that I can set restrictions on play time, I can have it where this is no play time until a certain number of minutes of reading time has been completed. I don't have set times of the day that she can even get on it
My grandson needed a new tablet. He had a Nabi for the last two years and had reached it's limit regarding storage. I found this tablet and decided I was the perfect choice because of the great price, memory, and it comes with a "kid proof" case.
My kids loved and i very happy for this tablet. Thanks
It's a lovely game for kids wolf my daughter have one and I love it
The setup was super easy, the rugged case is awesome, and the selection of books, games, and movies v for the kids is fantastic! The two year no questions warranty makes it even better!
The kids love it and are always on it. Would recommend to anyone.
My daughter has been wanting one for quite sometime! I love the durability, and that I can set limits to what she does!!
My son loves his tablet. He proudly proclaims to everyone he meets to check out his cool tablet. He especially loves the Freetime app.
This is one of the best kids tablets I have purchased. It's not as restricted and complicated to operate as other tablets I have tested.
i always buy from best buy. they have excellent products.The workers are very knowledgeable of what they sell.Thanks
I love this Fire for kids. It even comes with the bumper cover. Great buy.
This is really very comfortable and easy as well as strong for toddler my baby really enjoy using this amazon fire kids
Tablet works well for a kid, easy for our almost 4 year old to navigate between activities. Hard to beat with the case and 2 year warranty.
My 6 and 4 year old boys love it and so do the parents
It's get for my 6 and 4 year old boys, and they love them
This device provides necessary app and is extremely user friendly.
my son loves his tablet! best if you buy some amazon gift credit for some games and apps.
My 4 year old loves it. The amazon free time is great a lot of apps free for a small yearly fee.
This is a great tablet for kids. Its got great parental controls and its easy for the kids to use. I even enjoy playing angry birds on it
My nephew love it. He uses it every day thank you.
Tablet is great! I bought it for my 6 year old daughter again (first one finally got the screen cracked) for Christmas and she and i love it. It has all the features you would expect from an android tablet but with nice parenting aspects to keep the kids where they should be.
They both love it! And, play or read all they can.
We bought this for our 7 and 4 year old. The kids love it and it is simple to use. The "kids" profile makes it safe and easy to use and we can limit time of use. We can switch to our profile to watch Netflix or use other apps if we want. Comes with a great warranty and device protector. We're very happy with the Amazon Fire Tablet.
I bought this for my toddler and its perfect. He is rough with it and it still works. I wanted something that I use to teach him the basics of using a tablet and this worked great. It comes with a 2 yrs warranty.
This is the best tablet I've ever purchased. The screen is amazing and very functional and the kid mode is easy to get to and my 5 year old loves it makes me jealous and want to get a kindle but that's ok I can use parent most while he's sleeping. All over a really good tablet for both parent and child
I own 3 Kindles. They are my favorite hand held technology so it was an easy decision to buy my great niece one for her birthday. The case helps make it even more sturdy so it can stand up to being dropped more often than an adult would. It's easy to use and she loves it.
It's perfect, my granddaughter loves it!! She's catching on so fast and learning so much!! Easy for travel and on the go
i think the price is great the durability the easiness although you do need to spend money as well for extra better games and the charger breaks easily but u can use any android charger overall well worth the price i believe
My daughter loves her kindle. I swapped out the case for one with a handle so she can carry it but it's perfect for her
Easy to set up and durable design. Free time is a great feature, taking parental control to the next level. The screen resolution and camera are amazing.
My kids love this and I love the fact that it is under $100 with warranty for 2 years added on. Best Buy has the geek squad that assists with repairs so that you don't have to ship it out. I also like the fact that it comes charged because come on lets be real, once the kids get it they want to use it right away.
This is great for learning for little kids. Easy set up. in about a hours time my 3 yrs grandson new how to navigate through the whole system. Well made for kids in mind.
4 year old grand daughter loves it. Good size for her and easy to operate.
Great choice, battery life outstanding, many kid friendly features.
This was a gift for my kids. They love them. Easy to use and lots of great apps!
My kids love their tablets. They play games and take pictures.
Easy setup...bought this for 2 grandchildren under 5...they love it
Great tablet for kids very entertaining and informative for kids learning
This amazon tablet is perfect for first time users. Easy to operate even for a 3 year old.
Our grand kids really love this tablet and it has a lot of app options.
This is the fourth one of these that I have purchased. My grand children love them. Between the one year of programming and the two years of warranty, I don't think there is a better tablet on the market for children. Excellent product and it works very well with the children at what ever level they are at.
I bought this for my granddaughter and she absolutely loved it!!
My granddaughters love the Kid Kindles that they received for Christmas!
My daughter loves her tablet I love free time love the case it came with just right to buy for a kids first tablet
We love this , so many apps that you can download for free easy to maneuver she will be able to grow with this
My 3 year old has gone through 2 tablets prior to her kids fire. I love the parental control and easy use. She loves the apps available through Prime! She drops it daily with no damage to the tablet thanks to the protective case! Thanks for making a very durable product with an incredible warranty!
Great price great product would recommend this gift
Good deal from Black Friday sales and will make a very good Christmas gift. Kids edition excellent with the rubber bumper case which provides pretty good protection.
My 5 year old sons love it , Seems to be well made .
Great..I love it..Glad I got it..My nephew loves it.
Great.I love it..Im glad I got it..My nephew loves it.
This is great, my daughters first tablet and it came with everything she needed to get started. She loves the pink bumper guard and so do I for the safety.
Our 5 year old grandson loved it. Bought it for him to play educational games on.
Like it better then the nabi jr. More like a real tablet. Actually it is with the extra protective case
My son thoroughly enjoys having this tablet, and I love the protective case that comes with it.
Great tablet. It came loaded with a lot of good apps just for kids. Our daughter is 2 and she had no problem learning to navigate and use the apps. Also the case keeps the tablet protected and it's pretty tough with good grip. Well worth the money.
My son is 3 years of age and he love the different types of learning programs this tablet has to offer
My grand children love kids tablets and play with them every day and their mother is using them to teach the kids
Device size and speed are more than adequate for an 8 year old. I love Freetime and the ability to set limits for weekdays and weekends so my grandson is able to play without my direct supervision. Apps and books are age appropriate. I may have to buy 2 more for the 4 year olds.
Bought two of these for both of my nieces birthdays and they were the hit of the party. Both love playing with them
Bought for my niece's 6th birthday, and it was her favorite gift. She really enjoys it.
I purchased the Amazon - Fire Kids Edition - 7 Tablet - 16gb for my 75 year old mother after she broke her old tablet by dropping it. It took her a few hours to get used to it. Now, I cannot separate her away from it because it entertains her in so many ways and best of all she can drop the tablet and it will still work.
I love this tablet. I got one for each one of the kids all different ages and they all love it.
My grandson love it. Works great. Applications are good for education purposes.
Great camera for a beginner very easy to understand
My kids loved it, they were able to learn how to use it right away
This item is perfect for children and great for parents. It provides a sense of security that it will not be damaged the first week a child uses it.
The tablet was a great fit for my 21 month old toddler. She is able to watch episodes of her favorite cartoons and play some of the apps with assistance. I like that she will be able to use the tablet for years to come just by updating to more age appropriate apps.
I enjoy it a lot for my son yeah I really enjoyed it and likes it a lot of different options
It's an excellent learning tablet for a child. I would recommend that every parent that has a small child to get one.
Great tablet for my 3 year old son. I am able to monitor his screen time and assure that he is only playing kid friendly and educational games.
This was a life saver on our recent cross country flight. It was nice not having to worry if my three year old was too rough with it, knowing it had a great Amazon warranty.
Grandson plays outside with it Love that it has the protected case Plays games with the other kids,
offers a lot for the price, good parental controls
I bought this tablet for my 4 year old grand daughter and she loves it.We set the parental controls for her age group, and now we don't have to worry about what she is doing on it. We downloaded her favorite disney movies onto it, and now she has her own little private movie theater. It also works great with our Amazon Fire TV and can watch a lot of her favorite kid shows. This is a great buy for the money and I recommend it to everyone.
It's a really good tablet for children good parental controls expandable up to 128 gigs I like that so it allowed me to download as many things for the children to utilize separate from the Internet all around is a good device
Great tablet for a toddler to start on! The parental controls can be fiddled with a little bit but good anyways!
I think the tablet is great it's plenty apps and books for children to read and interact with I also like the option that they don't just have books that you read yourself you can choose one that would read to you the tablet is just a good all-around Device it allows you to add additional apps that you would purchase separate to it
we bought 3 of these for our kids and they love them these are the best tablets on the market they have great learning apps on them aswell
It's amazing! Best gift I've bought for my grand babies so far!
Best Buy assistance helped in describing the features. and loved the product overall. Like parental control feature
Perfect for my son! He has fine motor deficits and the games definitely help him work on using one finger at a time to play them! I also don't have to worry about him getting onto anything that isn't kid friendly since he doesn't know my passcode for the adult profile!!
My granddaughter loves it. It was a perfect gift for her long airplane trip.
Setup was extremely easy. Easy for grandchild to use. Only difficulty is with parental controls stopping connection with library.
This tablet is very kid friendly. You log on the tablet and the kids is having fun...
My kids really enjoyed this tablet. Its kid friendly...
The Amazon Fire for Kids is an excellent starter tablet. The supporting games and apps are exceptional. Use of tablet is simple and non-intimidating.
Son loves this tablet and uses it everyday. Nice to know that this has a 2 year manufacturer warranty. No questions asked.
I love this this memory card. The price was good ty
Fun apps for kids along with some great educational apps and videos
We are super happy with the kindle fire. We had bought several DVD players for our vehicle that never lasted long due to living on a dirt road, and the kindle fire was a perfect fit for replacing them. Now our almost two year old son loves the movies, shows, and games, along with the books that he can look through while we read. It also doubles as a tablet for me since it gives the options for different profiles. We love it!
Our young son spends hours fully engaged playing games on his tablet.
i actually purchased for a friends daughter and she is very happy
My daughter loves her tablet. Amazon has plenty of games for her to play. It is also easy for her to use.
Kids Kindle was a Christmas present for great grandson age 4. His mother has downloaded many word games and etc. from Amazon's childrens library. A big feature of the Kindle is the case and the 2 year no fault warranty. His Mother says he loves the Kindle and uses it all the time. Great purchase.
best money I ever spent for my grand child she just love it
My kids love their amazon kindles! They can take them anywhere and play on them! Great battery life!
Great for my kids. Syncs to all of our Amazon videos and netflix. The protective kids case is a must. Makes it easier for smaller kids to hold without touching the screen. Also does well with drops to the ground
I bought these for my niece and nephews for Christmas. They love them! They know how to turn them on and locate an app. I love being able to set time limits so they aren't on their tablets very often! Great investment!
Love this tablet bought this for my granddaughter she enjoys it and plays with it daily
So read reviews on a few tablets but honeatly felt this was the one for my kids bought it and sure enough it was it best apps for kids especially reading for kids amazon did a good deal on this and if you have prime it links up with your account for videos too
Love the amount of time we can set that she can be on this! The bumper guard has been handy. Apps that were on it are awesome. Best of all she loves it!
We decided to buy the tablet so our toddler could play educational games on hers instead of going for my iPad. I love how we can block her from going on the Internet as well as set a curfew. It's easy to use and my daughter loves it!
Santa brought this to our daughter, she's 7 and it's perfect for her!! Easy to use and figure out!
Works great, easy to use for my 4 year old. I can adjust settings easily. Easy set up
My 4 year old loves it. I love that she can use it unsupervised without worry. She has been learning her alphabet and this has been a great tool.
I bought this as a gift for my grandkids. They absolutely love it!
I love the parental controls available. You can set what time they can start and stop using, as well as how much time on each activity. Also love the guarantee of replacement.
Bought this for my step sons. They positively love it and it is so easy to navigate. The only draw back is with the capability for them to download games the memory is close to full
Great product. As advertised. Very easy to set up profiles with daily goals and limits. Great purchase.
Great for kids! It's very easy for them to navigate.
My son enjoys to play with his tablet but definitely you gotta take a little time to set it up for them to be safe while they are playing with.
I absolutely love the parental controls on this device. You can even set a time limit on how long they can use it.
This is a great tablet for children lots of great options to regulate what content that is available to the children.
This is great product. The tablet are made tough and great price.
I didn't know how well he would do with a full blown tablet, but I am shocked at how well he navigates it ON HIS OWN. He does get stuck from time to time, but a few times and key words and he can pull up apps, close them, pause and play movies etc by himself. His vocal skills have improved and he is saying and identifying letters- and it has to be because of the tablet. I'm impressed at how well it holds his attention. His letter understanding (he's 3.5) has transferred off screen to the physical materials we use. Plus, it's a great motivation tool. I love it, and he does, too.
Great product!! My daughter loves it!!! She is two years old!!! Kids mode is the best.
Have fun with it .Good game Good apps . Easy to used
My husband and I purchased 3 of these for each of our kiddos and to say they're a hit would be a massive understatement. And the parental controls on these are awesome. We love our new Fires!!
We purchased this as a gift and the feedback we have received has been great.
I bought 5 tablets for my grandchildren for Christmas. They loved them. Ages ranged from 5 to 12. Made shopping easy for this grandma.
We purchased three of these tablets for our granddaughters and they use them everyday and enjoy them. We spoke with one of the Best Buy associates and he was great telling us about this product. Made our decision easy. Thanks.
Gave to my great nephew. 2.5 yrs old. He loves it and his father no longer has to turn over his phone to his son.
I bought it for my 2 (almost 3) year old. He really lover it. I love that I can put a timer on it and he can't be on it all day. It's easy to use. The only thing I hate is how fast the battery runs down even if not in use.
Very awesome tablet for kids and great parental controls
Brought it for my niece for a Christmas and she loves it doesn't lag or anything it works just fine
Easy to use, lots of features, keeps kids interested, good beginner tablet unit
My daughter loves her kindle and it's larger than the previous one she had. She enjoys it!
Great fun r the little ones, had to go buy another because it works so well! Dropped many times and still is doing well!
Got it for my grandson he loves it.it is a very good tablet!!!
My eight year old loves the games and it is safe for her to use.
Is great for beginners I love the parental control on it it works great for my toddler.
This is the way to go for an all-in-one package for the kids. Everything is set-up and easily controlled through adult log in...
My 3yr old grand daughter loves her new tablet! Now she can watch Mickey Clubhouse whenever she wants.
My daughter loves this. There are so many settings and you don't have to buy every app individual. So many books and educational apps :)
My children love the tablet. It's a good price and the apps that come with it are great.
I bought this for my son who is a product of the times and takes very easily to electronics and touch screen devices. My mother bought him a subscription to the ABC Mouse learning program and we needed a kid friendly device for him to use it on. At first I was skeptical about spending the extra 50 for the kids fire as I thought it was mainly for the case which I thought to be cheap silicon. When the tablet arrived in the mail I was surprised to find that the enclosure is a thick, heavy duty type of foam. It provides a good enclosure for the kids to hang onto as well as a solid defender against any drops. It booted up quickly and once you enter your amazon information, you have the ability to set up both an account for adults and a child's account.The child's account does not have access to the app store or anything that you don't want them to get a hold of.You can set time limits on their account to your desire.You can allow and disallow any application you want to their account.It comes with a year subscription to amazons free time unlimited, which I interpreted as basically Prime for kids. This allows access to all the apps and games as much as they want.The kids user interface is extremely slim and easy to navigate. He is able to one click to any apps, books, games he wants to use. It also highlights your recently used apps in the carousel at the top.Overall I'm very happy with the purchase of this tablet as it allows him to use modern technology to learn and grow without worrying about the normal dangers the Internet holds if you're not careful.
My children think these are the greatest. I'm kind of partial to agree. You can limit their time, access and the things are built like a tank.
Bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas. She is special needs and so far she shows an interest in the movies and games included on this tablet. She is able to easily use it with minimum assistance.
i have not had any issues with it. i like the separate profiles so i can use it too with out him getting online. plus i can down load a app and if it is suitable for him i can add it to his profile.
Bought this for my 8 year old. He loves it and it's very simple to add the perfect parental controls!
I am pleased that my 6 year old grandson was happy with his gift
Excellent tablet for a young child that is very durable, expandable, inexpensive and my grand daughter loves it.
This was a starter Kindle for my grandson. Since I already have a Kindle Fire Tablet that I love, I had no hesitation buying this for someone else. I chose this tablet because of the childproof case and the extended replacement warranty since the gift was for an adolescent boy.
The kids never put them down, Plenty of apps to keep them interested. Parental locks keep them safe.
Great tablet for young children. Parental locks so you can control what they see. A great deal of educational apps.
Love the Amazing fire tablet and the preloaded apps and games. Plenty of memory for additional downloads too!
The best device for a child in the market. Purchased for an infant and after two weeks, he is loving it. Easy to handle and durable.
great learning tool for my granddaughter. she loves it.
I bought the tablet for my one year old son so we can use it in the car. It just a great buy. I recommend it to anyone that has young kids.
This kids fire tablet is perfect for our 5 year old granddaughter. We downloaded some free and purchase kids apps. It give us a break as she's not always asking for our tablet. And we know the content on it is safe.
My kids are 18 months and 4 and they love this tablet. It's easy for them to use and very lightweight
We recently purchased this exact tablet for our daughter who is 2 years old and decided to purchase this tablet for a charitable gift at Christmas. I would recommend this rather than more expensive tablet options for a child. it is worth the money and very user friendly.
It is awesome and my grandboy loves it. It keeps him from playing with my phone.
Awesome device for my six year old. Very safe useage
Excellent product,my children love this item. Thanks
Kindle products are fantastic. I've used a kindle & now have a Kindle fire. Use it everyday, so naturally, I would select a Kindle for my granddaughter.
Purchased as a Christmas gift for my grandson. He loved it!
My grandson loves this tablet kid friendly .He plays with this all the time .
Excellent gift for my grandkids. They love it and play with it all the time.
Proved to be an excellent Christmas gift for both grandkids. They love it
my son had a nabi we bought for learning & entertainment. there were many games we downloaded that didnt work without internet or would shut down randomly on it. But we habe yet to encounter a problem with the fire! i download games and books for him to read which work just great without having to be connected to the internet.
my daughter is girly so the fact that its pink is perfect! we take it everywhere with no fears of her breaking it when it drops and she stays entertained .
So far it begin good for my 4yrs old toddler. She enjoy every minute of it.The parental control it's a plus. It also allow you to make multiple kid and adults profiles without any problems issues.
I bought this product for my grandchildren. It is very easy for them to use and sturdy enough not to break when they drop it.
I bought this tablet right after Black Friday. It had good reviews, a perfect warranty for kids, and a reputable branding. Once set up, it has a good cover that is light and hard for a child to remove. The included one year software Freetime is user friendly and convenient to navigate. So far, we really like this tablet. The only thing that I still need time to determine its battery life. After about 2 hours of game play, the battery is about at 50%. Very satisfied.
I personally like the old shape ( more square ) of the kindle better. I use to have a 8 inch and loved it until my grandkids dropped it and now it doesn't work any more.
My son is a huge fan of it and I love that I can control what he watches and plays
My 3 year old is learning so much playing the games on this tablet, and I love that it is so durable and can take a beating. Would recommend. Many games to match many age groups. Plus YouTube access.
This tablet has been a great learning tool for my child.
This is the second one I bought. My grandkids love them.
Grand child loves it, before she had to look at her favorite movies. On the computer monitor,Now she can look at her movies anywhere.
my 2 almost 3 year old son for Christmas it is great even for adults as well very sturdy and holds but to a wild 2 year old
My Grandson loves his tablet we got him. Very safe
I bought this for my grandson and he loves it. great
I love the amazon fire kids edition. It has lots of fun apps for kids.
This tablet is perfect for kids under 12 years. It has lots of fun apps for the kids.
This tablet is perfect for a young child. The case it comes with is wonderful and seems very protective.
This is a great tablet , lots of fun for the kids I reccomend big time.
I especially loved the bumper that protects it! He absolutely loved this gift! It has parental control. It has the ability to buy games that are educational for him; and we are all thrilled with it....myself, his parents and our little guy!!!!
Your can really control what your kid gets access to from apps, videos, and the Internet. You can not get a better deal. The 2 yr anything happens warranty is a big plus. It's not the fastest thing on the market it's desent. Picture quality is great. Everything that comes with it just makes it a real smart buy. Love the fact that I can program it to have her read 15mins 1st before she can fully access it. Also that I can put a time limit on what she can access and for how long for the week.
Great tablet for the kids as it includes some good educational apps and has a good case that surrounds it for durability.
Bought it for my 8 year old and it was perfect. She loves it and works it with ease.
Bought as Christmas gift. She loves it. Small, light, fast, great selection of apps. Plus you can't go wrong with the warranty.
Bought as Christmas gift. He loves it. Small, light, fast, great selection of apps. Plus you can't go wrong with the warranty.
We bought it for our granddaughter and she absolutely loved it!
Bought one last year that worked out well. Decided to get another one this year. Very pleased.
My grandson loves it and there are lots of educational games .
I love this tablet for kids .. it's so much fun for them .. great buy ...
I bought this tablet for my two yr old granddaughter for Christmas and she loves the games and camera. Works great. Glad I got it for her.
The parental controls are amazing! Super easy for my daughter to operate
this tablet is a good for small children it has a good cover
My daughter has enjoyed it very much!!!! She loves using the camera. And playing the games she just loves it. We have to put it on charge and she is asking 5 minutes later is it charged yet!!!! Really is kid friendly
Purchased for my 3 year old grand daughter, she LOVES it.
Bought this for my 3 year old granddaughter! She was wearing my Kindle out with ABCmouse.com! She loves it and I love the warranty
This is a kid friendly tablet good for gaming and learning games as well. Glad we got it.
So we gave it to my 1yr old for christmas, on the box it says if you break any way theyll replace, 30sec after opening he throws it down and jumps on .... works great lol loves watching spongbob on lol
Very satisfied with this purchase my grandson loved it
My kids love the tablet and it's easy for them to use
Great tablet for ages 8 and under my kids love them
Bought this nice kindle fire kids tablet for my 18 month son for a 6 hour road trip to LA and it did the job. I downloaded some movies and apps from Amazon to keep the little guy busy. He absolutely loved it and best thing is the case it's very durable. Plus with 2 year guarantee if anything happens they'll replace it for free. We both love it!
My little girl loves her Kindle. I'm so happy I bought an upgrade to her previous kindle. Best Christmas gift ever.
My children loved their previous kindles so much I bought them an upgrade with the case - so worth it.
This has the all speed and storage I needed for my preschooler. The case is soft and light and I can tell it will protect the tablet really well. I really like the ease of getting to the kid-friendly apps and videos. Has easy to set up parental controls.
This has the all speed and storage I needed for my first grader. The case is soft and light and I can tell it will protect the tablet really well. I really like the ease of getting to the kid-friendly apps and videos. Has easy to set up parental controls.
This is an excellent tool to help our granddaughter advance her learning skills and also allows her an opportunity to play educational games
Bought the Kindle Fire Kids edition for my daughter. Very easy to install and download several varieties of apps and books and music and photos to customize to her interests. Very well built and easy to use. Compared to several other brands we have purchased this is by far the greater option.
This is a great learning tool for our 3 year old she loves it!
Protective, fast and has tons of fun games already on it! Our 7 year old daughter likes it, too!
bought for grand kids front camera rear camera wifi ready games they caN SKYPE SO MANY THINGS you can use it for 2 YEAR NO QUETION WARENTY its your best buy
kids love it EZ to use great Quality bought this for the grand kids had super reviews also free Amazon for a year 2 year warranty its the best buy out there
Purchased for our niece. She is 6 years old and it's perfect for her. She loves it!
A Kindle that has a case to help with drops. Purchased on sale during Black Friday. Great deal on a great product.
Great tablet for my 4 and 8 year old.... kid friendly, safe, and mom and dad enjoy it as well! Love that it comes in a protective case. Reasonably priced for a great tablet the kids love!
My kid loves it and is easy to use.Plus the case is worth it.
Awesome for kidsIt's educationalI love the blue cover!!!
My 4 yr old is fully capable of navigating to her favorite games, videos, photos, etc. I like the bumper case too. It has proved its worth already.
I love my amazon fire tablet, I'm sure my kids will love theirs too!
It's a very reliable tablet for the little ones. Most enjoyable feature is how you can control everything they look at and what kind of apps they use.
Bought this for my daughter for christmas. I know she will like playing games on it
This is excellent for toddlers and also as they grow. Numerous things they can do on it and also nice to be abke to control it as a parent.
I purchased these tablets for my grandchildren after purchasing 1 for another grandchild in October. They love them and their parents love being able to dictate how they use them.
Got this for my 4 year old. Seems like a great tablet for a young kid to use. I'll edit this after Christmas when I give it to her.
Its a good tablet. Fast, durable and easy to use. I especially love the parental features that are available. I am more of a fan of android tablets but for a little toodler this is far better.
The kid really love this kindle fire. The protection for the kindle help protect the kindle
I love the the Kindles!! Bought this for my grandson. Impressed with the 2 years no questions asked warranty.
It was a gift and she really loved it. It was an in-store service clerk that educated me on this product..
haven't opened yet since its a Xmas present for my 2 yr. Old I love that there is a kids zone area where she can learn numbers letters shapes and has nice thick bumpers to keep it from breaking as well has a warranty if it breaks
My grandson takes it on trips and he loves it. It's easy to use.
Granddaughter loves it, easy for a toddler to hold and maneuver.
Amazon's devices get better and better each release. I've had the original Kindle fire and it's in no way an Apple iPad replacement, but what it does it does better than anyone. It's a perfect starter tablet and perfect for a child. The price keeps you from worrying about drops and the interface is easy to use.
I purchased two of these tablets, one for my niece, one for my nephew, as they are often fighting over the tablet. It is a great platform, with awesome apps, and comes equipped with a very sturdy and rugged case. Five stars. Worth every penny.
Someone recommended this to us for the 3 and 4 year olds. We bought two as gifts. Best Buy had the best prices. Kids love them and so do we!
Have had other products similar for the kids but this is the best by far. Best Buy had a great price too so decided to try it. Love it.
She has dropped it a few times and the case is just great
Bought this tablet for my five-year-old son he plays it every single day loves it great kid friendly tablet
My daughter loved it . Best gift for the price it comes with way more then I could have expected
For two girls that love to play games and take with them
My daughter is going to love this for christmas!!! Thanks best buy.
Small and easy to use for children when traveling.
My son and i use the tablet everyday 2 times morning and night and theres so much to do on it.
Very easy for a child to be able to use and enjoy.
Very nice tablet. Durable if dropped. My grand daughter loves it.
Absolute best for kids. Bought three for ages toddler to teen and it's perfect for each.
I bought this for my young grand daughter to start teaching her basic colors and numbers. She uses it like a pro and we have a great variety of teaching games. Her parents just bought one for their house. Have been using for a year and still working like new.
I can lock the screen so he can't mess anything up while I'm playing him an educational video plus built in case to handle and accidents this tab is golden
This is a very good tablet for kids to use. You can set up time them to play game and time to read!
I really like that my child is engaged with all of the different apps we have downloaded.
Can be dropped, thrown and doesnt break. awesome tablet
This tablet is perfect and appropriate for my grandchild
Great price - great shipping - great item! Perfect Christmas gift for our granddaughter!
My son loves his own kindle! Very kid friendly and easy for him to use. It is great that he now has his own!
I bought this for a family member with a disability. I didn't see any reviews for this purpose but so far it is working well. I felt the case would help if it was accidentally dropped.
haven't opened it yet as i bought it for my grand baby for christmas!....i'm sure she'll love it!!!
bought for my grand baby for christmas....haven't opened it yet but the other reviews were great!.....i'' sure he'll love it!!....
Bought one of these for each of my grandkids and they love it!
My special needs 8 yr old has gone through two ipads at $200.00 each. The Amazon Fire Kids Edition is such a better option. It is loaded with thousands of appropriate options for games and movies without having to download or pay for individual apps. I can even use it in adult mode. I'm very happy with this purchase and highly highly recommend it.
Young kids love it, easy to use and takes a beating but still cheap enough that if it does happen to break you don't break the bank too
I bought this tablet for my 5-year old son, and it's an amazing tablet. It has two different user options available, one which an adult can use as a regular tablet and one just for kids with a password keeping them from messing with things they shouldn't have access to. I am loading it with the digital downloads of movies so my kids can watch it in the car on the go. For anyone interested in that, all you do is download it to the Amazon Play on the adult user side, go into settings and select Share for the movie you want your child to have on their side. It's great if your child needs a tablet but you don't want them to have access to the internet or run up cellular charges on games.
Durable case, easy to use. My grandkids watch nursery rhymes and play educational games. I've seen the youngest stand on the Fire and it is still perfect
I read the reviews before purchasing this so I went into it knowing there will be apps pre-loaded that I will have to remove. That being said, I purchased this for my 7yo daughter and it is perfect for the purpose considering it includes the case and no-hassle protection guarantee.
My daughters first tab,I love that it has protected case and parental controls my son will be jealous because it has more memory than his
Great learning tool for the grand kids. Helps with there homework.
This is great for kids, my 3yr old uses and it has fallen and the cover really protects it. The kids section is filled with lots of apps
Great starter to teach young children how to play games with parental control of what game,movie or music sites. And the plastic protector case is included
Very study tablets. 2 others grands liked theirs. Salesman was very helpful finding 2 different color models
It has all the features needed for my granddaughter and is easy to use. I'm am happy with this.
I bought this and onother one in blue. The kids love it.
Good value for the price and for the children. The apps are enough to let them play and read.
We had been using the Nabi for our 3 year old, but after the reviews online about the dreamtab we decided on the amazon fire kids tablet. So far so good. Very easy for our son to navigate without worry about getting on unauthorized websites.
Bought two as gift to kids. They love it very much
Aiden's is loving his tablet, using educational apps learning his letters and numbers
Easy to use and great parental controls to limit or access content.
This is a great kindle for kids to use as it is very user friendly and once they get the hang of it they will not put it down.
So I was trying this out before giving it to my son and ended up playing the games for like an hour! Some of the games are amazing quality! Just like the cartoon shows, but more interactive. We bought 2 for my twins to use on an upcoming plane ride and can't wait to see their reactions! Love it!
This is a great tablet for kids as it is not too expensive and there is a 2 year warranty. If it breaks within 2 years, they replace it. My 4 year is very rough with things. My husband was letting him plug the charger in by himself and jammed it into the tablet, causing the charging port to break. I had no problems getting it replaced.
Great that you can get these in different colors to differentiate from the other one!
Quality comes with apps installed durrible love the case
We bought these knowing we had a couple of long plane rides ahead of us...we have not regretted them one bit. They are easy to use for the kids, come with lots of fun apps/games/books...Best part for us was being able to add a memory card, so we could add movies and as many apps as we needed without worrying about space.
Perfect for my grandson I love the easy to use set up and parental control. I have recommended this to my friend for her children. Case is great
What I really like is that you can set up different profiles( boy,girl and myself ) and still you can use any device to play to favorite profile.I bought 2 and kids are very happy.
Nice tablet the colors and visuals are great and the many downloaded and downloadable apps that come with it are terrific. Something for all ages and very simple - my niece and nephew are 5 and 4 and they are finding it very easy to use. The hard rubber cover is a great extra - I had to buy a cover for the last tablet and it cost over $30 for something that sturdy and protective. Excellent Product..
Got this for my 7 year old daughter, she loves it. We read on it, she plays on it, there are videos on it, and she can't or hasn't found a way to break it yet. Well done Amazon, well done.
Very sturdy for little people who might drop it easy to read
I am so delighted I purchased this tablet for my toddler son! Pros: The rubber case allows the tablet to take quite a beating, which was crucial for this purchase. Another huge pro is that adults can use the tablet under their own sign-on which works like any other tablet. From the adult sign-on you can customize what your kids can watch, screen time allowance, and add or remove apps for them. The price isn't bad compared to the price of adult tabletsCons:Kind of bummed I can't link my Google Play apps I purchased but I guess it makes sense this is not a Google/Android product. The battery life isn't all that great, but the charger is fast!I wish there was a freeze option that would prevent kids from hitting the screen while watching Netflix or other videos Highly recommend for anyone with young children. You won't be disappointed!
We was looking for a easy tablet that has all the great features and functions that a young child can learn and grow with. I will be a great Christmas present.
My son is very happy with this and so are mommy and daddy. No more asking for our phones and setting the time limit is awesome
my granddaughter has learned a lot of educational things on hers
I bought 1 a year ago for our oldest kid. Came back this year and bought two more. Built really well. This is the best choice for a kids tablet.
Wonderful tablet for the kids. It comes in nice colors and has so many nice features.
My niece is going to love this! Great price and nice color.
My niece and nephew are going to love this! I got it for a great price too. What a nice Christmas present
Works great ! Geating this one for my grandson for Christmas! He plays with his sisters now ! Well protected when they drop them ! Great learning experience !
I did some looking in the web and after looking at many tablets this was the best choice.
I really liked the idea of this tablet being affordable for my niece and having a protective case was a plus. But after setting this up and giving it to her it works like a dream. Great way to give a kid something both fun and educational.
This is a great beginner tablet for children. Bumper pad fantastic for protection from falls.
I have a kindle fire and love mine so I decided to get one for each of the grandkids. There are so many learning games that are fun for them plus you have parental control
My almost 4 year old will recieve this for christmas this year but i set it all up prior. I love the parental locks and timers!!!! Soooooo many fun characters for her to choose from to enjoy at every level. The case is soft and light but sterdy!
This is a great tablet for a kid! It is easy to use and play on!
Easy to navigate. Color is good. Duarable. My son has had many fun hours playing with it
Best tablet for my 2 year old son... it has helped a lot and seems to be the most simple kids tablet system available
Really great item for the kids and very user friendly
I have a four year old daughter who has learned a lot from using this tablet. The child feature is great because she can access everything for her age in one area ( with parental settings of course). I really love this tablet
It is easy and fun to use. This was a gift for my 4 year old granddaughter. She can play on it for hours.
I bought two of these for my granddaughters and they are very easy to use and they love them.
Love this tablet, great value, come with great protective case, preloaded apps are an awesome feature. The included 2 year protection is also a plus.
This is a great tablet. Power connector could be better.
Wonderful educational tool for my niece with special needs.
Originally I bought this for my 4 and 5 year olds. They loved it and so did I. So many things to do on them and so much of what they love. I now got it as well for my 2 year old. The best part of it all is the cases come with the tablets and they have 3 colors to choose from, so perfect for me.
My kids are on their tablets for hours on end. I was able to download several preschool apps for them. They actually are learning very well. The tablet us simple to use and they can navigate themselves on the tablet very easily.
I like it so and so my kids like it very much.The application is amazing.
Kid friendly Great appsChild can learn many things with this tablet
Got this for my 18 month old son so that he can watch movies on our trip to LA and he loved it. Lots of games, apps and much more. Still learning more features about this product and we love it too.
This tablet is great for kids. I bought it for my Grandson and he is delighted with it. He uses it constantly.
Love the color pink for granddaughter she loves carrying around her own tablet. Wonderful product. love the safety protective case great unit.
I purchase this tablet for my daughter's birthday and she absolutely loves it I am very pleased that she's not able to get online or to get on YouTube and watch crazy videos which she previously did with other tablets we have you actually get to pick the games and books to put on it you manage everything from the parent account and it is locked with your personal password and the kids can't get into it. I would say the only downfall is you cannot download anything from the Google Play store since it is an Amazon tablet.
My niece loved it! I love that it is designed especially for kids. She
I had bought a Nabi for my granddaughter and she finally broke it. Out of warranty, I just fugured I'd purchase another one since she is familiar with it. After reading reviews, decided kids are pretty sharp and can pick up new things quickly ( she's 4!). She had no trouble with it at all and my daughter says she loves it! So far no complaints from a technical standpoint.
We gave this tablet to our nine year old Grandaughter for her birthday. She loves it and we feel it is very sturdy. That is a very good thing when it comes to tablets and children.
Good tablet for a 1 yr old. At first was not interested and still not but bought in in case and maybe one day if they decided to use it on a road trip. Good product for the price
I am totally happy with this product for my two year old grandson..he enjoys it when we are all playing on our phones
My 2 yr old loves his tablet. Best purchase ever. It has great educational videos and is easy for him to work on his kids profile. Amazon got it right!
I am very happy with this tablet. My kids spends hours of hours on this neat device.
I love this tablet.I bought it for my 5year old grandson and he lives it. The parental controls are outstanding
I've purchased other kids tablets, but this is the best. It's user friendly and interactive. My grandson carries it with him where ever he goes.
my great grandson loves this he plays games and looks at all his pictureshe is only 2
It has been a great product for our son. Easy to use and excellent for learning and playing games. Video quality is very good as well.
Setting up the device for my sons profile took a litthe more time than I expected, but I love it. It's easy to navigate and has a ton of preloaded activities for him.
I bought this for my 13 year old niece who has autism and she loves it. Great price and great tablet for kids.
alot of great free educational gaming, reasonable price only downfall is sometimes it runs a tad slower than a tablet
Great tablet for a little kid. I was debating between this and an ipad but figured an ipad would be way too much for a tablet. Its nice because you can switch users. If you want something simple , then this is the one for you.
My son's love there tablet. Great but for the price
I buy this tablet for my nephew and he is happy with it.
Great tablet for kids my boys love their tablets!!
This is a great tablet for children and really has an easy to use format. The apps work well and keep the kid entertained by not distracting them with the mechanics.
Bought this for my daughter's 4th birthday, I love how easily she can just click and download whatever she wants without bugging me for passwords. The 2 year worry free guarantee is also very nice to have since kids will be kids!
This tablet is great for kids. It has so many apps and videos that can be downloaded. It has a nice size screen as well. The only thing I don't like is the charger.
MY children love their new Amazon Fire Tablet. Quality picture and sound.
my grand daughter and grand son love to play games on their kindles plus their mother put programs on there so they can learn
Absolutely love Kindle Kids Edition. Easy to use. Great apps and love it comes with 2 year warranty. Must have for my 2 kids.
lots of games, love that it has the option to use as a regular tablet, and my kids love the case because it makes it easier to hold and to prop it up when they are listening to books and such! Has parental controls and is all around awesome for kids!!!!
My granddaugther constantly drops her tablet and this is perfect for her.
Great purchase for my son's 6th birthday. He love it and the kid account is a great addition
Purchased these for our grandchildren ... great for children learning to use electronics.
It is a nice tablet for kids and my son enjoys it.
My son loves his tablet!!no matter how many tapes he drops it its still works great!very satisfied with my purchase.
Such a great deal for a small fee, just right for a toddler of three.
Bought this for my grandson and am very pleased with the quality. The case protects it well.
I got this for my 3 year old after he broke my tablet. It is perfect for him! I love that it comes with all the games and apps. He has dropped it several times and no issues.
My son loves it! So many great games, audiobooks and apps for kids, and we love the timer feature so we can set time for him to let him play before bedtime. Very worth it!
I bought this for my grand daughter, she previously had a Nabi. I like the fact that she can use the hot spot on our phones and she can log on to view her favorite shows.My grand daughter is seven, but she also looks at movies and programs that her one year old brother can enjoy. The tablet is light enough to take along any where. It also has a protective shell which is a plus when you have an active seven year old.
Bought for my son for Easter. He loves it and easy for him to use. great for different apps for learning.
Absolutely love this tablet. This is the second one we have purchased for our 1.5 year old. Our 3 year old has one as well
I'm very with this kids friendly tablet. My daughter she uses my iPad and I decided to look one perfect for her...two years warrantee.
great for the kids and protection is good ! and best buy is making me write more stuff here so that people can go ahead and buy this product...
My daughter loves it. Parental controls are simple makes it easy when monitoring what my kid is in to
This tab is great for kids and parents alike. I recommend this product to others.
I loooooove this tablet as well as my 3 year old with all the kids apps make it way more fun and safe for kids to enjoy
Great price, great item and high quality, simple to buy on line and pick up
I bought this for my granddaughter who is 2 and was able to load all the apps and books as well as her Disney movies. So far she has been unable to access anything that I don't want her to. And it has been able to withstand frequent toddler abuse.. Aka.. Throwing it. Definitely recommend.
My daughter absolutely love her tablet and I love it to for her. It's very kids friendly
We love the parent controls and durability. We would definitely buy another.
I love it he is three and does everything on it so many learning games he likes to play he does amazing with it
I got this tablet to replace my sons old one, I love the adult/child profile and the ability to have the 2 year replacement warranty. The case has also came in handy many times.
This tablet is very ideal for kids...it comes with a great case that protects it well.
This is a great tablet. It keeps my kid occupied for hours if I need to.
It is a perfect gift for kids and great warranty...
I bought the tablet for my 2 year old as a birthday present. I downloaded the apps I thought he would enjoy and handed it to him. He caught on to some really quick while others hes still a little young. Overall the quality and durability is excellent.
I purchased for my 7 yr old grandson to use for playing games. He is very happy with it. It appears to be a good buy .
This is great for kids, it grows up with them, all the apps are good. My kid loves it
My grandson is 2 years old and loves his tablet. I do recommended for young kids
Great tablet to teach young children . Grandchildren love it to watch favorite you tube shows
My granddaughter LOVES it! LOTS of kid-friendly apps for a 5 year old!
works great for my 2 year old. I don't like that it requires a pin to use it but goodidn't and strong tablet
My daughter loves the games/videos that she can watch on it during the day and my wife uses it to read on during the evening. This thing gets used a lot! Couldn't be happier with this purchase.
It was easy to set up. My grandson has enjoyed the broad selection of activities from which to choose.
My kids love this tablet. There are over hundreds of games, books, and shows to pick from
I bought this for my granddaughter she will be 2 in a few months and she loves it! Very sturdy and the bumper that it comes with has shown to do what it is intended to do. Would highly recommend this product for kiddos!!
It's really a good product to buy for kids. A lot of educational games . They can their favorite kids show from youtube, Netflix etc. The cover is really good. I'm gonna another one for my daughter.
For the price this is a great investment. With amazon prime it becomes loads of fun
Grandkids fight over this. My daughter also uses this. Very good and user friendly. Would buy again.
You have the ability to set up on and off times for your child's profile. The apps are good and adults can use it as well, because you can have multiple password protected profiles on the tablet at once. This was perfect for my five year old on a five thousand mile plus plane trip.
My 4 year old daughter loved it. Also for my 2 year old baby
My daughter loves this. She uses it for both games and educational apps, as well as listen to music.
Was a great birthday present for my son that only gets to use it when it's absolutely necessary.
Great tablet for the girls, they love it. Easy to use and great with amazon prime.
My two year old learned how to operate my smart phone so I decided to get her a tablet. After looking at various toy and educational versions, this seemed like the best choice. The preloaded apps are fun and educational. The ability to set daily time limits is great as I didn't want this to becoming a replacement for playing outside or an instant babysitter. Also the ability to switch profiles and operate like any other kindle fire is nice for when my wife wants to read. Great deal with a good manufacturer warranty. Very pleased with it.
I didn't want to buy my 8 year old something really expensive but I wanted a good device so I tried this out and she loves it. The case that comes with it makes it almost indestructible.
My granddaughter loves this tablet. It's the perfect gift for a 2 year old
Great gift, for my kid's second birthday! This product is very child friendly and easy to use! I recommend this product for families!
my kids love the kids fire they use it every single day. its durable.. I can put parental control on certain things.. great buy
I bought this tablet for my granddaughter. She loves it, it's easy for her to use, and just right for her size.
I love that the kids can only do what you allow them to they can't get to the internet unless you put it on there profile which I don't because I have a four and 2 year old, there apps are very easily accessed and are big so they can b seen very well . also these tablets double and can b used as a regular tablet for grown ups
Purchased for my niece and she loves it. I like the fact I can set limits on her tablet and restrict her access until she has read. Only downside is the case doesn't have a kickstand so that the tablet can be placed upright for viewing videos/movies. But a new case can be purchased.
A gift to my 2 year old granddaughter. It came preloaded with child programs. She quickly learned how to access the programs. Parents now have their iPad back...very well protected for tosses and drops
My kids have really enjoyed this tablet. This makes car rides a lot easier. They both can create and learn and they love the camera.
This tablet is the best for kids. Switching from kids to adult is awesome! Works perfect and has lots and lots of apps for kids
This is a great tablet for my 3 year old grandson. The cover is great in that, if he drops it, it won't break! Great buy
Great tablet for my kiddos they love these kindle fire kid tablets and they are very strong hold up to a lot. Price is great too.
My child loves playing with the Kindle fire. It is entertaining and educational.
Great product easy to set up and use my child loves it
This was a huge hit with my seven-year-old grandson. I came in to replace a broken tablet and they were no longer available. So I chose this one and it's better than ever!
My sons love playing on their tablet. Not only does it allow me additional time to get things done but they enjoy the educational apps provided.
It ended up being the most popular gift that she got it does a wonderful job for children
My grand baby is two years old and she absolutely loves it!
Got this for my daughter 2nd birthday and she absolutely love it.
My grandson really enjoys this tablet, ease of use and lots of different educational programs. Must remember to charge tablet everynight.
Easy to use, very durable, kid mode extra safe, password needed for purchases and parental mode. All in all a wonderful tablet to own.
This is one of the best tabs for kids to start with.Rugged and sophisticated.
Our children tend to forget to get gentle with the kindle so the replacement plan is great. And I don't have to worry about the wrong kind of content popping up. It's a relief.
I bought this for my daughter to use. I know the regular amazon fire is cheaper, but this one came with a bumper, a two year no question warranty and a one year subscription to free time which allows kids to read lot of books and play great games for free. In the end it's a great deal.
Kid proof and works well!! There are plenty of apps too!
I bought this for my Don's second birthday and he loves it. My five yr old loves it also. Very easy to use.
This tablet has great storage capacity. I have downloaded all kinds of children's movies and learning activities. It's great.
Great learning tool. Kids love it and so do I. So fun to share time with the kids laughing while learning.
Great tablet for kids to learn puzzles and letters. Has tons of activities for children and a full tablet for adults perfect if you have pime!
My grandkids love it. They use it at home and when we travel.
Love how it is easy , kid friendly, and my son loved it.
This has been an exceptional hit for us she totally loves it.
Great apps, excellent price, my kids really enjoy it
Great tablet for kids. Big choice of apps, great price.
love it great for kids my son loves it and wont put it down
I purchase 2 on Super Bowl Sunday for my 5 & 7 year old birthday. It was the perfect gift, because the 2 love their gift. The tablets was for a girl and a boy, so I purchase a pink & a blue. The tablet is very child proof.
My kiddo loves this tablet. She's 1 1/2 and knows how to work it well. I look at it sometimes and see apps that I didn't download! Lol Good thing, first year is free. It's very durable as well. Great product overall. I would've liked a different color for her, but blue was all that was in stock and I got it a great price being on sale plus I had certificates to use.
Brought this for my daughter and it's been a life saver!!! I love that it already comes with the pink bumper it's perfect for her!! Set up was also a breeze!!! I'm very pleased with this purchase.
Great product and great service from bestbuy online
I love the tablet everything works perfect for my boy
I love this product. the screen is bigger, the bumper is stringer and my granddaughter loves it...so that's all that matters.
I love the preloaded apps. There are 1000 to choose from for all ages. The book selection is expansive. My 3 year old plays with it everyday. Its great for trips in the car or just being around the house. Great Buy!!! I enjoy playing with Alexa....ask her anything and she has an answer.
This is a great little kids tablet. Has a lot of features and is really fun to use.
This was a gift for my niece's birthday. She loves it .Plus the kid safe
They had the tablet in stock and it is nice that it has the child settings
My daughters love it it is probably one of the best tablets ive ever bought
This is my 2yr. olds and he loves it. He loves the different games and watching reviews.
This is great for kids. My niece loves her new fire kids edition.
So my 18 month old maybe the future computer wizard because she everything about my tablet. However my biggest concern is not so much that she knows how to unlock my Ipad, but throwing it down the stairs like one of her toys. Which makes the Kindle Fire tablet for kids the best invention since the Tivo. All the pre loaded apps, videos, books, etc is nothing short of amazing. The case is also very cool, hardwood floor and stair case proof. For under $100 bucks this is perfect for tech savvy kids like mine.
Got 2 of these for my two oldest daughters, 5 and 3. Perfect for them and love the features. Battery life seems pretty long. The year of freetime plus the case makes it worth it! Will be getting another for my 3rd daughter's 2nd birthday.
Bought this for my 5 year old girl. She immediately fell in love with it. And the fact that it has a year damage warranty, it was a no brainer
My son loves it. The picture and quality is great and my so loves all the apps from the characters he loves
Love this tablet! Highly recommended, especially for a toddler who's learning. Has lots of games and activities for learning, parental controls, which I find extremely necessary for the internet today!
I been having this for awhile now for my two boys and they just absolutely love it
I bought this item for my 9 year old son. He loves it and it has nice feaures such as parental controls.
My son is constantly distracted and loves technology. Him being only two years old, this proved to be the perfect thing to keep him occupied and out of trouble.
My mom bought the tablets first for my sisters for Christmas an then my 4 year old wanted one so I purchased one for her. She loves it uses it for games, Netflix, an she is home school so she is able to do her work on the tablet as well
Very kid friendly especially for toddlers and easy to use.
This product is a perfect learning tool for my daughter
My son loves it. Light weight. Good price for a great product. I would purchase another one.
My daughter love her tablet. And is easy to use, and the battery last longer..
Tablet is for my 2 year old son and it has great learning game so for him! He's learning to read and so much more!
Both love this tablet and the numerous educational apps available that I bought one for each
Good quality & worth the price!! We are happy!!!!!
My kids love the tablet and the battery life is amazing.
I ordered the extra case not knowing the device came with a case.
Purchased this tablet for my grandson who is two years old. He loved it!. But the power cord and the tablet hook up didn't work very long. I will be taking it back for a replacement. As long as the connection stays snug it's a great tablet.
With a great child-proof case, this was the perfect tablet to start my little guy off with!
Verified PurchaseI got the kids version because this is mainly for my toddler. I know, I know, yes I did get this for my toddler. He is always interested in the learning apps we get on our phone for him so we figured this would be perfect.
great tablet for kids when traveling. my grandchild loves it.
After reading the reviews and also seeing in the description that this has a 2 year unconditional warranty we were sold. Our child loves this tablet and he's dropped it many times with no damage. The thick padded case really does work wonders for this.
My 3 year old grand child is loving this tablet. She is really catching on to using technology . She loves this and plays a lot of educational things that was available to her.
The price for this tablet is not the only great selling point. The free year of amazon free time is perfect for my son. There are tons of games, books, and videos in this service. My favorite feature is how we can set time limits on screen time. We can even set it to require an amount of learning app or book time per day before access to games is allowed. Great choice for kids.
This tablet is great for trips. Just make sure you download games and shows on it first since it does not have Internet. The case is great for kids who are rough with technology, it really takes a beating.
Bought this for my Granddaughter's 10th birthday. She LOVES it!!! The protective case it is in is AWESOME and the perfect pink for a girl!
great tablet for children, lots of content. games books etc and easy for my 4 y.o to use.
The kids love it and easy to understand. Great parental controls as well.
he loved it was a great gift easy to use, small and great
Really like this pretty easy to set up I love the bumper also the free time settings when time is up that's that and no figthing with mom. I thought I saw something stating that the free time feature is only free for one year so rating may change if I find this to be true. Would hate to be charged for what the kindle was intended for.
The service was great and the help I received thanks
tablet is so user friendly and a price you can not beat
I bought this for my 8 year olds birthday. It is perfect and all 4 kids have their own profile so there is no fighting. The parental controls are awesome, we set daily limits for them, but then they want to share with each other when one is done with their time. We love it.
My 2 year old son really enjoys the tablet it's great
This is a huge hit as a gift for my 3 year old daughter.
I'm very happy with this tablet..My nephew loves it.
easy to use great product and BEST BUY ANSWERED MY QUESTIONS
My son is 22 months and he love it. He watches his favorite shows.
It is a great starter tablet for young kids. My son really enjoyed it.
My granddaughter loves her tablet toddler friendly
My wife purchased this for my daughter , great for learning to read.
Purchased for my 3 year old, love that it comes with Kindle Freetime (which is almost $80 on it's own). It's perfect for curious fingers prone to swiping and clicking wherever, since the parental controls lock it down to keep them from being able to exit their own profile. Our first unit had an issue after updating the OS, but Amazon is amazing and exchanged the device, no questions asked. I would have gone through Best Buy, but our local one didn't have the pink one in stock anymore. I would have preferred that it didn't come with a camera or microphone for privacy reasons (my older kids 3 year old Kindle Fire HDs don't have a camera or microphone). All-in-all, it is a great device for little ones, but definitely enough power and features to grow with them.
I needed something for a young kid and this tablet was suggested to me from a sales person at Best Buy. The kid loves it.
I am so glad I got my son (5 1/2 years old) the Fire Kids Edition Tablet! It is extremely durable & provides hours of educational entertaining fun!!!
I bought this for my 6 year old nephew for Christmas! He LOVES it and it has a great warranty!
Great idea for a 5 years old. very secure and good contents for that age.
Very rugged design. My nieces absolutely love this.
I bought this for my 6 year old Neice for Christmas. She loves it. No issues this far. Charges fast and has child lock features.
This an awesome tablet for kids. My Grandson never wants to put it down. The case is great protection from drops.
My 2 year old granddaughter loves her Amazon kids edition. It's amazing how she knows how to get to her favorite educational program. I live the color pink case very sturdy
Easy to use, handle and screen is perfect for a toddler.
my grandkids love it. This is the 3 one we bought.
It was the best Christmas Present for my grandson.
She has learned how to play games and learning games. Easy to get to her apps and learned how to download. She charges it every night so it can be ready for her when she gets out of school
The Amazon fire tablet is a great gift for kids of all ages . Ez and fun to use keeping kids entertained while giving them educational tools to use at their grade level and hire.
I bought this for my 6 year old daughter, it has been great. I can set time limits I can set it so she has to do educational stuff before play and I can have weekend time set different from the week days. The protective case is durable , perfect for my clumsy child. I very happy with the product.
My niece is 2 years old and she absolutely loves this tablet. It's easy for her to use and navigate through. Plus, it has parental controls which I love. Definitely recommend it.
Got 2 of these for Christmas gifts for our grandsons & they love them!
Gift for great nephew. Have 2 that are 5 and 6 y/o. Both love these tablets because each got one. Play with them as much as Mom allows.
Gift for my great nephew and he really loves it. He loves it so much that Mom has to limit amount of time he allowed to play with it because he would play it 24/7.
My son is 3 and he loves this tablet. It is very educational and worth the money
Omg this product is excelent good batery and HD screen love this
This a great item for kids to learn how to use electronics.
I love this tablet because I could control my children his time with it it's working out really great
He loves his new tablet lots of fun and educational games to choose from and best of all very kid proof he has dropped it numerous times and I see no signs of damage whatsoever
Overall, the tablet is well constructed and well engineered. The 'excited factor' for my son wore off quickly, including the included app services. Nothing negative to report, but nothing unexpected in a positive sense either.
Best value tablet for the little ones. Great warranty, great parental controls. It's a shame Apple hasn't caught on to the needs of parents when it comes to digital media.
Easy to use, easy apps and books, you can use a timer to schedule time use
This is the perfect tablet for a toddler. I feel like there is stuff for him to now, but he can also grow with it. And it's built like a tank.
My son is 6 and I can control everything he does on his tablet! I love it and love that learning games came installed
My son loves his tablet. It is very easy to use. Very stutdy.
This is all around a great tablet. My 1yr old can use it with ease. Also love how we can change the profiles to suit adults as well. Would recommend to anyone and all ages.
I bought it for my 2 year old and he loves it. It's easy to use and the perfect size for his hands.
Bought this for a 8 yr old and its perfect for what she like to do
Love this kid's tablet - it's kid proof! It's perfect for kids of all ages!
I bought 2 of these, 1 for each of my 2 youngest Grandaughters. Wanted something that would be made well, easy to use and as they get older the range of use could expand. Not only is it a good activity but a great learning tool. I will download fun and game activities but learning also even though many of the fun and game are learning tools. Their ages are 3 1/2 and 5 and they love them. Easy to download items, save to home screen or remove items. Their are several parental controls and options so you can feel worry free. Can add more than one user and profile.
Bought for Christmas for 6 and 8 year old granddaughters. Both girls loved it and have said it was their favorite gift.
This is the second one I've bought for my kids. The each have their own tablet now. As a parent I like that I can set limits...such as screen time, reading, videos etc. You can control everything. It can be educational aswell. Their is alot of educational apps on the device to download. Such as wikipedia,farmers almanac etc. Patents should look through and discover apps with the kids to get full use of the tablet. It continues to update regularly.
This is awesome! I have a 4 year old grandson and he loves the tablet!!It's kid friendly and has great games that he likes!!Would recommend it!!My 9 year grandson also traded in his drawing pad for a tablet and he loves it!!
I feel that this tablet was the perfect fit for my boys age 8 and 6.
The device is so simple for kids. It is great. I love the case it's really protective.
My 2 yr old loves it!!! We got it in pink. Love that you can put restrictions on it, as well as a timer so that theyre not on it too long. The games and books are awesome
Excellent product thanks !Thanks for the help choosing what I was looking for and all the variety of apps that are available on this one.
My 3 yr old loves her new tablet and my wife and I are glad to get ours back. Very simple usage. Has all of her favorite apps on it.
Great tablet for the grandkids, they love it great item
My great granddaughter loves it. Easy to use and it holds the charge well.
I love how kid friendly this tablet is. I also love the parental controls. I am able to supervise everything he's doing and he is still able to play the games and watch the videos he loves. It's even easy enough for his 3 year old sister to use. Great product! Glad I purchased this and saved money instead of getting an Ipad or Samsung. Much better choice.
Bought this for my six year old grandson. The set up was very easy. He is able to download kids only stuff and can send us videos of himself using the app. He just loves it. Truly kid friendly.
My Grandson uses it all the time. It was a great choice!
The best tablet for kids the 1 year unlimited apps is my favorite my kids love it..
Our grand daughter is very happy with her fire kids edition. Product wotks great.
My 3 year old has one and my 10 year old wanted one so now they BOTH have one. The parental controls are easy to use and work great. I would highly recommend to anyone!
Excellent for kids! Tons of fun apps, videos and books. Love that it comes with a year of Free Time.
I got this tablet for my 6 year old grand daughter and I must say it was a great decision. She used her tablet for learning and fun. I watch her play her games on her tablet, listen to her favorite music and watch her movies. She has no problem using her tablet, she has even taught me how to operate her Amazon Fire Kids Edition tablet
I am so very i got this for my 3 year old grandson. He can navigate it to get to his favorite shows, Peppa pig, Mickey clubhouse and Thomas the train. He is so happy with his tablet.
My 5 year old loves it! She can order books and look at all her favorite shows
I got this for my two grandsons (ages 2 & 4) for Christmas. They love them.
I observe my 4 year old granddaughter using this tablet with ease. She is able to play some of the games and upload movies. Her mom had to put a secret password for the movies because she downloaded some that you had to pay for!
Holds charge well. Portable. Lightweight and as best we can tell nearly indestructible. Perfect for kids
Good set of apps available and it is robust enough for the kids to abuse.
Bought for my grandson and the programs that were included with the device give a wide variety of education tools
Bought 3 for my young grandkids exceptional security for kids, great babysitter as well as educational tool
I bought this tablet for my 1 year old and he loves it! It keeps him entertained when we go places and he has learned so much. The apps are great and perfect for him. I would definitely recommend this tablet for a young child just learning to use a tablet.
Awesome tablet for young children. They love to play all the videos that it came equipped with already on it.
My wife and I wanted our children to still enjoy the feeling of having an "iPad", so we got the Amazon Fire Kids edition. It has been awesome. I love the way you can set limits on the tablet so they're not glued to it all day long. Kids mode is extremely beneficial.
These are great devices for the price. Good performance and awesome warranty. Having the Freetime is also very nice as app purchases are less frequent.
Great tablet with good parental controls for kids!!
Yes this is a fantastic product so many things to do with said product...
not just for the kids, for the tablet challenged (me) I find it easy to work with
I definitely recommend this tablet is so perfect for children.
This has been awesome. For my. 5 year old nephew. Keeps him entertained and it works great.
excellent for kids and safe cover so if dropped it survives
We purchased this for my 5 year old granddaughter so that she would have something to play games and read books without having to use her mom's devices. She took to it immediately. It connects easily to a 2.4 ghz network but does not support connectivity to a 5; search and downloads did appear a bit slow but did not do testing to see if it was the Fire or the network, then again, it was running updates. The camera takes great pictures even if a child is a bit shakey... Sound quality is very good as is touch sensitivity.
This is a great tablet for kids, the protective bumper pad really does help. The unlimited warranty gives piece of mind as with kids anything will break. Finally the 1 yr unlimited warranty to Amazon for shows and movies the kids can watch. Awesome deal for the price.
grandson really enjoyed it Christmas. very easy to use
I gave a 5 star review because its a great tablet for a child with disabilities
My kid loves this! It was one of his favorite Christmas presents.
We got this for our nephew and he absolutely loves it, very easy for him to use too.
Where do I begin? It comes with an amazing thick case, it's a fully functioning tablet. It also comes with a one year subscription to educational games and movies/ shows. If it breaks Amazon replaces! How could you choose any other tablet? This was so great we had to get two!
Leapfrog is a great learning tool for preschoolers and beyond my grandson loves it
Works as described. Love the kid friendly foam protector. It stopped working within 2 months of purchase. Amazon just sent new one without a real fuss. Inconvenient, but no real fuss. I hope this one lasts longer.
My daughter love it and is amazing thanks and I will recommend it
This tablet is great for kids my grandson is sick and he absolutely loves it
I love this product. My kids love it. It is very to use and has a nice display.
Kids loved these tablets, and in not worried about them dropping them
My 4 year old love to watch movies and this is perfect for him!
I bought this tablet as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter who just started kindergarten and it is helping her tremendously with her basic skills in counting and reading in English and foreign languages. She also enjoys having the tablet to read stories to her as it lights up the words for her to read along. She loves the ability to watch her favorite programs as well. This was most definitely a worthwhile purchase.
I researched other tablets before purchasing the Amazon Fire Kids Edition. This tablet is everything I thought it would be and more. Great price too. Lots of available features and apps. Very easy to use. My 2 year old grandson loves it!!! He' s having lots of fun and learning.
My grandkids love to use it. It has so much for them to choose and they learn too.
Boy! If I had something like this when I was a kid. The learning devices these kids have today. Makes learning about different things in & around the world a fun experience. all the other activities & downloadable apps, they can be on it for hours. Like it!
The guy at the store was really helpful. There was not a pink Fire Kids Edition so he looked on top of all the shelves and found one. My four year old grand daughter loves it.
Set up for kids right out of the box. Can't beat Amazon's warranty either. Thanks for providing an outstanding product.
Bought this tablet for our 2 year old. She loves to watch videos of nursery rhymes and Bubble Guppies. I can finally get some housework done without interruption. So user friendly, even a 2 year old can figure it out!
Great pad to give the little ones a headstart to the world of tech. Very sturdy cover, nice size for little hands to grip. Very reasonable price. Great buy !!
Growing up I didn't have electronics but this thing is awesome for kids. You can limit usage and break down how much time they can spend doing certain things. Great buy
Great little lap top with touch screen, absolutely ruins you.
Easy to use, love the color and my daughter loves it. Easy to set up very happy with my purchase.
I love that you can read books as well as play games with this tablet. I bought 2 of them for my little boy and girl. We just charge them up and let them play with them in the car on road trips. They are quite!!! The only thing is, I wish they would have a section of games that can be played without wifi. Some of the apps need wifi to run and some do not. Overall though, I love this tablet!
This tablet is great. Because it's from Amazon, you can easily switch to a different profile and use it when the kids finally put it down. I have 2 1/2 year old twins and it's hard to get them to sit down. With the Kid's Kindle Fire, they are more than happy to settle down on the couch and play. I highly recommend buying one. It is a life saver!
It's a good tablet for kids the only thing I really don't like is the fact that you need to put in a credit card to be able to get apps but other than that is ok
Give this product a 10 tons of great learning programs.
Used this on a trip from SF to Maui for my 4 year old. She loved it. Perfectly suited for a toddler.
This tablet is a nice budget friendly device that is also rugged. It has survived countless falls from my 3 yr old. He loves it and it keeps him learning for hours.
This was the perfect gift for my grand kids they love it.
My two daughters really enjoy using their Fire tablet. It is really easy to use, sturdy, high definition, has tons of awesome apps integrated for children. My girls were Apple users, yet it was easy to transition.
Love this for my youngest. He had a Nabi, but it just wasn't as user friendly as this is.
We purchased 4 of these for our grandkids aged 18 months to 6 yrs and all 4 of them love them. They play with them daily for as long as their parental limits allow. They are very durable and come with a very kid durable skin. The 2 year warranty that covers everything was the selling part for us. The one con is that you don't get google play store.
purchased for 4 yr old, he loves it the fact he can play games or movies, love the parental controls as I am able to monitor how much he is on it.
Bought these for my 5yr old twin grandkids and the enjoy the learning games so much. Love that you can limit how long child is engaged with apps, games, or movies on this and that my daughter can use her amazon prime acct with this! 2yr amazon warranty is amazing as well
I was looking for a reader that was light enough to hold With one hand and this one is perfect.
This is the second Kindle I've purchased, and I love my Kindle! What I don't like is that every time a device is "upgraded," the upgrades are annoying. On this Kindle, the "home" page is changed - it lists My Reading List and My Library. So you have to press My Library to choose a new book. Then it's a list of the books. Why couldn't they just leave the home page showing the small pictures of the books you bought? I have no idea what My Reading List is - it lists books I've never heard of, by authors and topics of which I have no interest. Still, I would recommend a Kindle to anyone who reads books. The screen is easy to read, you can make the fonts bigger or smaller. I don't feel the battery lasts any longer than my old one did, but it's easy to charge. It's thin and lightweight, and I pretty much carry my Kindle wherever I go. Anyone who buys a Kindle will definitely NOT be disappointed!!!
This is the best of all kindles- affordable and easier to read. The backlight option is good to read in dark.
The Kindle Paperwhite has many improvements over my first Kindle with a lighted touch screen, wifi, and ability to swipe to turn the page. I love it!
Very good to see on nite. I love it thanks Pedro on Best Buy if south beach for take ur time to explain me. Thanks Best Buy
I purchased this as a gift for a family member. She recently used this on a week long vacation and enjoyed the long batter life during the plane trip. The reader was also easy to read in the sun while at the beach.
I have several Kindle versions. My daughter bought this for her birthday as she loves reading several series. She doesn't have to carry a bag full of bulky books on trips or use a light to read at night. It stores many books in a very small space and if she wants to reread a book she can simply go to her account and download it again if it's not on her Kindle. The battery lasts a long time too. She now takes it to school to read during down time. I took mine on a 2 week trip to the Galapagos. I used on in the airport, on my flights, and several times every day since there was no internet or tv on my ship. It took up very little space and weight on a restricted baggage limit and I didn't have to recharge it. Also, It's much easier to hold vs a big book.
I love the Kindle Paperwhite as I can read it indoors and outdoors with no glare issues. I'm able to download books as needed very quickly. Keeps me updated in my reading library.
normally I have been using the Kindle app on my phone but this device is really easy on the eyes and is pleasure to use.
For a reading device, you cannot do better than Kindle. And, if you're going to get a Kindle, get the Paperwhite as the lights on the screen are worth the extra cost over the base model. You will NOT regret it.
I've been a Kindle user since the very first one came out to the market and I always wanted to be able to use touch to communicate with the device. This Kindle allows me to do just that.
Really great and very clear and good reading just great
Works great in the sun. Only complaint is that it scratches easily.
This is my third Kindle reader and I love it as much as I loved the others! Light and comfortable to hold, especially in bed.
Really great piece very good quality and very clear
the size is perfect ....the battery excellent ....got it on a sale .....love it
This was a great replacement for my previous Kindle, which is more than 5 years old. However, I liked my old Kindle well enough, and I couldn't justify an upgrade considering the more than $100 price tag. That's why I waited for a one-day sale to pick up the Paperwhite.
This is so easy to read no matter where you are...beach, train or airplane!
Researched alot and found this to be the best for the money. Great for traveling and overall reading. I love real books but going to library was getting harder with my work schedule. Plus I can loan out my books and keep them to reread later!
I really wanted to buy this kindle paperwhite and I can't be happier. I would definitely recommend to anyone wanting for a e-book reader. Really nice product really love it!
I've always used e-readers. The Kindle Paper White is extremely light weight, easy to use and wonderful for night reading when your partner is trying to sleep. I have a specific eye problem with one of my eyes and find I have to read large print books and they can be difficult to find. The Kindle allows me to read EVERYTHING! I love it. And it is great indoors or out.
This e-reader does not strain my eyes and works great in any lighting, including full sun.
Simple to use. Backlighting a true necessity for me. Third Kindle purchased.
great value. first time trying this particular product. very happy
Does as advertised, good product and reliable A+++
Easy to use and fast on. Great for sun or night A+++
I lost my first Kindle Paperwhite on an airplane and replaced it with the newest version. I transferred my account easily to the new Kindle keeping my entire library. Love it!
Easiest device to read a book on. Easy to read in any light and easy to hold.
I just love my new Kindle paperwhite.
I got this because I could not read my books on my iPad at the beach. This allows me to read in the sun. Best product ever, great price
This is really nice, my first kindle ereader, it fits in my purse. Love this!
This replaced my 5 year old keyboard unit which died after hitting the floor. I expect this will be every bit as good. Kindle is my favorite reader.
I had a kindle years ago and decided to try one again. I'm so glad I did!! The lighting seems to make it easier for me to read and see the words without my reading glasses!!I with I could put my own screen saver on it, and wish best buy carried the cases in colors!!
Best E-reader on the market. Screen is crisp and clear and everything just works great
The resolution and contrast are great, and unlike multi-use tablets, this performs great in direct sunlight. With the adjustable light, it's also great for pitch-black rooms. The battery life is also better than any tablet you'll find. I can't imagine going back to paper books ever again, not only because of the convenience of the Kindle, but Kindle books are always cheaper than their physical counterparts! I love this thing.
I bought this for a gift and the receiver loves it. It's so easy to read.
If, like I, you own an earlier generation Kindle that isn't a Paperwhite, this latest model is WELL WORTH THE UPGRADE.If you don't, it's like having a wider but really no thicker or heavier iPhone 6 Plus to read your Kindle app books (and to use Goodreads) on outdoors. (It even has Airplane Mode.)It had me at its crisp, crisp backlit display and quick response to touch. (I had to really press vs. tap on the older Kindle, and it was so slow to take/load.)
I highly recommenf the new Paperwhite kindle. Such great reading anywhere!!!
Back lighting is great. Much better than the shining light you pull out. The light on our old kindle could not be dimmed at night. Lots of cool new features!
Haven't had a chance to use for books yet, but have used dictionary.Display is great.
So happy I went with the Kindle Paperwhite. LOVE it!
Small, light weight and easy to read. Read in the bright sunlight with no glare and read in the dark without disturbing anyone.
I recently bought it and it was my first kindle. Previously seen the color version (kindle fire) & comparing the kindle paper white vs other tablets I like that you can read ebook only so there is no distraction. Usually when I grab an iPad or any smart tablet the least I do is read since there so many other things you can do. The kindle paper white will put you to read the minute you grab it leaving the last page you left off on your ebook. It's lightVery clear (easy on your eyes)Back light for night use( adjustable brightness)Comparing all the models this one was the best pick for the money.
Light, backlight makes it easy to read, easy to operate, reasonably priced
Pages look great. Adding books and documents is a snap. Reading books on this kindle is fun. Also very useful for manuals, installation guides and other technology related materials, since they tend to be very big in print.
I was iffy about choosing between this kindle and the newer one. This kindle has gotten me to read more and I love it. That's why I bought it. No flaws in it, exactly what I wanted!
This is a great reader for children or adults, students, or just for pleasure. It's small, lightweight, easy to transport. It performed as expected based on the product description and reviews. It met or exceeded my expectations. I can use it at the pool, at the beach, in the house, in low light situations. I love my Kindle Paprewhite.
This is a fantastic EReader - very light and hand hold is just right. Love the backlight feature for reading at night without needing a light on.
Second generation Kindle finally died, and already have Android tablets, but the Kindle app on those tablets isn't easy to read and the tablets are heavy.This new Paperwhite Kindle is awesome for reading only, and is lightweight with extremely long battery life.Best dedicated Kindle product yet.
With this 3rd generation of the Kindle Paperwhite, Amazon really created the best reading experience for a reasonable price. I previously owned a first generation Paperwhite, and the increase in resolution (300ppi, up from 212ppi) is really noticeable. After reading on this for a while, it is slightly disturbing to see jagged edges around text of the older Paperwhite. The white balance of the screen has also improved, with a slightly warmer, book-ish experience instead of the cooler, electronic-display-ish screen of the old on. Additionally, the screen can get crazy low in brightness! Ideal for someone who prefers to read in bed at night with the lights turned off.. if you thought the previous Kindles got dark, this takes it to a whole new level of dimness.
I used to read with my ipad , but there was always a glare in the car and even in my house when the sun was coming in the window. The Paperwhite takes care of all glare problems I had, so now I can read whenever and wherever I want.
Washer great size, Customer service was great, the sales person very nice and helpful.
This is a great reader and has lots of new features. Go with Kindle Paperwhite.
This is exactly what I was wanting. It's perfect for what I want and it holds so many books!!
Now I can read in the bright sun or in the darkness of the night. Love it!
It was one of the best purchases I have ever made!
New model Paperwhite purchased on first day of release. It is as advertised. Lightweight, easy to read in bright light, adjustable brightness, text size and style and connects to my Kindle library with available wifi.But that's all. No access to any program or games except to buy another book.
Replaced our old kindle. Still the best for reading outdoors
This is an amazing ereader! The screen is crisp and clear. Super responsive to the touch. There are lots of fonts and sizes, so reading is a real pleasure, even when I'm tired. Very light and comfortable to hold. The light is perfect for reading at night without bothering your partner.
Great to read at night in bed. Great detail and easy on the eyes.
The Paperwhite is very comfortable to hold in one hand and lighting is noticeably improved
It's great to read in any kind of light. There is a tiny bit of bleeding at the top edge but nothing noticeable unless you are actively looking for inperfections. Makes reading easy and accessible in a light for factor.
I have a lot of reading to do as a teacher. This is a perfect product and easy on the eyes.
The new paperwhite reaches the sweet point of price and specs. I'll not pay for the extra 80 bucks just for the page press.
I have an iPad and find it very difficult to read books on the iPad as there is too much glare and the text isn't sharp. This Kindle Paperwhite is fantastic and the fonts and text is just like in a paper book. It's easy to read, and allows you to adjust to the perfect setting for ones preference.
I have used the Kindle app on an iPad and Android tablet and phone and I love it. This is my first Kindle device, so I can't compare it to previous Kindle versions. The only drawback to using the Kindle app on the previoulsy-mentioned devices is that they can't be seen in direct sunlight. And that is the biggest advantage I see to owning a Kindle--you can read outside in daylight. Also, the kindle is very light and portable and easy to use. It does what it says it will do and you can't beat the battery life. The X-ray feature is also a bonus that you don't get with the app.
I use it everyday. Battery is great and the screen is marvelous. It even has the Web browser, :), and I have used it even though it lags. I will recommend this to family and friends.
Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend and she's over the moon about it. She's already purchased dozens of books to read on it and carries it around wherever she goes. I'd say that's the sign of a great product.
I have had each of the models released and this current one with the 300 ppi is the best so far. Reading screen is excellent. Fonts are crisp and clear.
I purchased this for my wife who had been reading e books on her Samsung tablet with the Kindle app. She reads 2-4 hours each day and had been having headaches and realized it was from the glare. I purchased the Kindle Paperwhite 3 and she absolutely love it. It's light, turns pages on a touch and the back lighting is adjustable. So far I have no complaints
This is my 3rd Kindle by far the best one . Love it
Fantastic product for a fantastic price and a fantastic service!!!!!
Works well great outdoors in the sun. Better than iPad for books.
I like the fact that I can sit outside on a sunny day and read.
The paperwhite is wonderful. The functionality is great, battery life is awesome, and is so much better than trying to read a book on my phone. Recommend to anyone who loves to read, especially at night. Very easy on the eyes.
Very happy with this kindle. Easy to set up and use. All my books purchased previously on Amazon came right down to the device. Now I'm all set for vacation reading without a carry-on full of books.
I have owned a Kindle since the second generation came out, but this device is by far the best bang for the money. Less expensive than the Voyage, the new Paperwhite looks crisper than the previous generation, feels good in my hands, and allows me to read in the dark comfortably without bothering those around me. Highly recommended!
Nice buy, great resolution I dimmed lightingWeight is good too
I kept waiting for a good deal since this new 300ppi kindle released. There's no discount from Amazon. However, I received student coupon from Bestbuy with $20 discount. That was an amazing deal! Now I start to read the song of ice and fire with my new kindle!
I bought this as a replacement for my wife's old Kindle 3g. I got the wifi version only since she rarely used the 3g. I have to say that this version is much nicer in some ways and is lacking in others. My wife really misses the physical keyboard, but she has quickly gotten used to the touch-screen. The dpi is MUCH better, and the screen is much easier to read. The refresh times are a lot better. I don't see there being a need to upgrade if yours is currently working, but you shouldn't hesitate if you're in the market for an excellent e-book reader.
When I just want to read, the Kindle Paperwhite is everything I need. It does not strain my eyes, so I can read longer if I want. The front lit screen is perfect in dim light. It is small, so I can take it with me easily. I send documents to it regularly and I prefer reading it than anything else!
Easy to read and the books are easy to download and less expensive than paper books and save on the storage space that paper books require.
I have enjoyed my Kindle. I am an avid reader and receive savings on my books. Love the ability to select font size too.
Purchased kindle paperwhite after my kindle touch of three years fell and broke. I love the light on the paperwhite and that I no longer need to use a separate book light. The light is adjustable, which I love because when I'm reading in the dark in bed, just a little light is needed. Great price and great product
Perfect products with perfect recommendations. I enjoy with kindle. Thank you
Just like reading a book except you can highlight and read in the dark, so great.
Easy to read in any light, Battery seems to last forever, size & weight easy to carry along everywhere.
I bought this as a replacement for my Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite High Resolution the few minor things that were different were added plus but nothing to really stand alone I noticed it was crisper and the light was much better then the previous one.
I like to have a book in my hand when I read, but needed an electronic book reader for our overseas trip. Kindle Whitepaper was great. will you use when I am eating since there is no pages to hold down like you do with a book.
Great in sunlight. Long battery life. Very happy with purchase.
Lost my older Kindle touch so needed to purchase a new one. Much the same as the old-which is good, not a hard learning curve. This one however now has the light, which is great. Very light in weight also. Definitely recommend.
I have 90 books in my hand at all times, and will be adding more. I can read anywhere, light or dark and don't even need glasses. It was simple to put 30 books on the kindle in minutes. Wishing I had gotten one years ago. My Dad even wants one! I love my Kindle paperwhite!!!
I find this tablet very easy to use and easy to read at night
Purchased this is a replacement for a television during a move. So far, I haven't been missing the programs. Kindle makes reading easy, accessible and fun. I take it with me everywhere I go during the day (I live in a busy metro area) and it fits neatly into my backpack. Great for bike commuters or train riders. Accessible, cheap entertainment with a fantastic build quality.**Side note: I originally bought a basic Kindle, and traded up for this. Very glad I did! It is much better than the original, and the 300 dpi plus back light makes a huge difference.
The Kindle paper white is great for anyone who likes to read on the run. The clarity of the type and the lack of glare make this perfect for any reading environment.
I love reading before going to bed, but backlit electronic devices tend to keep me awake just when I should be getting tired enough to fall asleep. The screen has a great resolution, the device is a snap to set up, and there's little to no glare if you take it outside. Additionally, the battery lasts just about forever. Straight out of the box I used it for almost three weeks before I charged I, and I still had nearly a quarter charge left. It's now my preferred reading device as compared to my tablets, which include an iPad and an LG Gpad. Highly recommended.
Handy size, easy to read in all situations and we can even send other documents than books to it.
it works great and this is my second one since I lost the old one anyway
I got the Kindle Paperwhite to read on the beach. The screen is easily read in the sun. The compact size is nice for travel too.
Great image quality, fast device. Jumped to this from Nook and would never go back.
My previous Kindle did not have the backlight so I upgraded to the Paperwhite in order to be able to read wherever I happened to be.
I debated for over a year about getting a Kindle. After trying to read my tablet outside this summer with sunglasses and sitting under an umbrella...I finally bought my Kindle Paperwhite. I couldn't be happier and I've read more books in the past couple of months then I have in years. It's as good as they say and easy to read in ANY light!
I upgraded to the Kindle Paperwhite from a 1st generation Nook, I think just about any e-reader would excite me.However, I did my research and decided that the Paperwhite was a perfect fit for me. * I love the speed of the downloads and the ease of the touch screen. * I love being able to keep track of different characters just by pressing on their name (as well as definitions of words that are not familiar) * I love the backlight - no more trying to read at night with a glaring light over my shoulder. *I love the battery life. Not having to recharge it everyday is awesome!* I love how lite it feels and the way it fits in my hand - soooo much better than the Nook... overall smaller in size although the screens are the same size.I am an Amazon Prime member and some of the books that I have downloaded (and ones on my wish list) are half the cost of the same B&N books.I find that I am reading much more and totally enjoying the experience of my Kindle. I wish I hadn't waited so long!!Last but not least, I LOVE buying from Best Buy. I love their protection plans and when needed, they have always saved us $$$.
This is the best E-reader on market. I've had previous ones but love that I can adjust brightness for night time reading without killing my eyes on a tablet.
I have had several Kindles from the Kindle keyboard, the Fire HDX and a previous version of the Paperwhite. To me, it's the best way to read. You can have hundreds of books at your disposal. Having the 3G version enables me to download books anywhere without being connected to Wi-Fi. I love my Paperwhite!
I had a kindle Paperwhite that I'd bought in summer 2014, and by summer 2015 something had gone funky- it wasn't charging anymore. So I upgraded to one with a higher PPI a couple months ago. The difference is slight; in fact I haven't noticed it at all. If I went back to my old Kindle I'd probably notice that the quality had changed, but really, it's a very minor upgrade. But that doesn't matter- because the Paperwhite is awesome anyway! I am a woman, and I can fit it in the back pocket of most of my jeans (so dudes definitely can), it slips into small purses and it holds a charge for weeks. I have a pretty big collection of physical books, but I really enjoy having a library on a tablet that I can bring with me too. I buy physical books when I want to linger around a book store, or for poetry, or books that I want to high light or share with people, or that I like the covers of. I buy Kindle books that I really want for the story, or that are on sale on the Kindle store, or classics that are cheap (a couple bucks) or free. The Vocabulary Builder is really nice- I just highlight and lookup words that I want to know more about, then it provides a definition for me and saves the word as a flash card so that I can practice later at my convenience. I use my Kindle at night- the back light is perfect for reading right before bed. I wholeheartedly recommend this device if you just want a reading tablet. I might get another tablet for watching TV or playing games, but I just wanted a dedicated reading one, and this is perfect for me.
Easy to use, fast response.The display with light is a big plus.
Improved features and design, crystal clear high resolution screen, and amazing battery life makes this not only a must-own Amazon device, but as a dedicated e-reader. Easy to use for all age groups.
This version is perfect. Spending another hundred or so is definitely not necessary! I can do everything on this and it is just as fast and clear as the more expensive one. No regrets!
Bought the original Kindle a number of years ago and really enjoyed. This newer model is terrific. Fits comfortably in the hand and the readability is excellent. Downloading is even easier than before. I really enjoy using this product. Would definitely recommend!
I really enjoy the convenience and portability. It is easy to read a few pages when I want.
I love the paperwhite. I can read it in any light without glasses. I always have a variety of books, to suite my reading taste. I got a rocketfish wall charger for a great price at bestbuy and it's so much easier to charge my kindle. I've been reading for almost 10 hours on the same charge. If you love books you have to get one of these! My house would be full of books, but now I can get books I would not otherwise purchase because of physical space limitations. I have over 100 books on my kindle and it takes up less space than 1 book. Many sites offer free or reduced price books. This expands my reading appetite to other areas I would probably not have even considered before. I love my kindle, my only regret is not getting one sooner!!!
Amazon Kindle is a great product - I bought one as a gift for my nephew and he absolutely loves it.
The kindle was a graduation gift for our son who was going to travel with friends for a month. He usually fills his backpack with a ton of books, which he is reluctant to leave behind once read. This really lightened his load and he loved being able to read in all light conditions
first tablet ive ever bought works great for reading
I love reading on the kindle Paperwhite in any light. Dark, Sun. It doesn't matter. Plus you can borrow Kindle Books from the library for FREE!
With the newer 300ppi screen the Paperwhite really hits the sweet spot in the Kindle lineup.
Perfect size, great in all lighting situations. Easy to hold, handle and transport. Makes reading even better!
It is lightweight and fits nicely in my purse. Light is just right for bed reading. Works well in sunlight.
I have bought this kindle for almost one month, and almost use it every night. It's comfortable for your eyes. I like it.
What a delight, this Kindle is easy to use and is a very high quality item. I can read for hours with no eye strain.
Great product. Very light and fast compared to its predecessor.
love my kindle it's awesome read on it in the dark all the time
I have read books on my phone and IPad and Kindle.....but rarely would read long due to disraction of other apps and email.....or couldn't read outside because of glare.....well this product has solved all my problems.....no distractions....just read and read for hours now....and can comfortably read outside or on the back end of our motorcylce if I want becasue NO GLARE!!!!! Love it :)
This is my second kindle paperwhite. I lost my first one on a plane, so I had to replace it as soon as I got home from my trip. It's a great e-reader and is easy to set up and manage. Never had any problems.
I absolutely love my kindle it is wonderful and I probably consider it my best friend!
It is very easy to use and allows you to read at the beach with no problems. No glare. Great value for your money
I was so against getting one but finally caved! This is so easy to use and i take it with my everywherePerfect for reading outside or on the train
The paperwhite kindle has excellent resolution and makes reading easy on the eyes.
easy to setup, great for traveling and reading on the plane
I love this kindle for just relaxing and reading a book. It's easy on the eyes and easy to access your books.
I am really enjoying having books right at my fingertips. I am spending much more of my time reading than I did before. Love having a large library in such s small space
I got this for my wife and she loves it. She is old school and likes her toggle buttons on the old one. However, she likes being able to read anywhere at anytime. The back light is not over powerful. I was happy to hear this because I wasn't sure if I should have got the one that auto detects ambient light.
She doesn't go a day without reading something on there. She says it works wonderful outside, which is exactly what she wanted. She also has a fire, but doesn't work that well for her outside.
Love being able to read outside in full sun. Adjustable backlight for reading at night, great for the car or in bed.
Great for book lovers. Worth the investment given the cheaper price of e-books.
My daughter loves her PaperWhite. I like that it has nothing on it except books so that she can take it to school to read.
I didn't think it was possible to love my Kindle more! But I got the paper white to replace my Kindle touch. It's even more crisp and doesn't strain my eyes. Plus, I can read even when its shady or dark- because of the backlight. I like that I can adjust the brightness too. Worth every penny ! LOVE LOVE LOVE it! Highly recommend.
My GF got me mine for a birthday present and I just got her one for hers. Great for international travel. It's like carrying a dozen books.
Could never get into reading from a tablet like the iPad or even the Amazon kindle fire. It just didn't feel right. This device makes it feel as if you're reading actual paper print. It's amazing. I highly recommend it if your an avid reader.
My Kindle works great and it just what I was looking for.
Small enough to carry with me. I love how the pages turn with just a touch to the screen and I love the lit up background.
Kindle Paperwhite is the perfect reader. It's small size fits into a purse or carry all, and the light weight makes it very easy to hold. The response time when buying books is very fast. It is the perfect addition to the Kindle family. I also recommend purchasing the leather cover.
I bought this for the ease of downloading for travel this is amazing I would recommend this
This is my 2nd. kindle and wouldn't go without one for any length of time.Great to bring along on a trip and easy for anyone to use.
Easy to use, great screen resolution, and very simple to download material to read.
An easy way to read your favorite books!Whether you're in the sun or in the dark, this is the best Kindle ever.The only thing I don't like is the 'flash' when you turn the page.
This is the best thing I ever bought. Very lightweight and user friendly. Fits easily in my purse.
This is my second Amazon Paperwhite eReader. It is superb in bright sunlight or in a dimly lit room.
I was familiar with the previous paperwhite lower res product that was fine. For the price it is a great reader. The new higher res standing side by side is an improvement. Would recommend.
The Kindle Paperwhite is great for reading books on the go. The battery lasts me for weeks between charges based on my light reading habits. It is very easy to just close the cover when I get to a pausing point, and knowing it will open immediately to the same page when I resume reading. The back light makes it easy to read anywhere, from full sunlight to dark rooms. I'm resuming my voracious reading habit now that the Paperwhite has made it so easy.
I bought one for myself and it is my first kindle. Just love it and got a second as a birthday gift to one of my friends.
The paper white can hold many books which is great for traveling. The back light is easy on the eyes.
With a new higher resolution display, Bookerly font, and long lasting battery, the Kindle Paperwhite is the best e-readr in the market today. Reads like real paper. The device capabilities are complemented by Kindle's vast e-book store.
This is for my sister. She loved her older Kindle. I know she will love this one.
Reading paper books makes me sleepy, after only 8 pages!Reading on the Kindle Paperwhite is fantastic... read 65 pages non stop!Love it.
This is my second Kindle. My first was the basic model. This one is so clear and easy to read even in daylight. I love that I no longer need a light to read at night in bed.
The backlight helps for reading in the dark and in the sun. Easy to use and great battery life
Purchased as a gift for my mothers birthday she will not put it down. She exclaimed how easy it was to pack for her trip last month and she said she can read it even when all the lights are off. She wonders how she has lived without one all this time and would highly recommend it to everyone.
The paper white is a terrific reader and, for all light conditions, is superior to the kindle fire we had previously. No glare, easy read, easy use, with adjustable type print. We recommend it highly.
Item is good. This shipping is very fast. It's good for readers.
it's very useful and comfortable! I like it so much.
I had the original kindle which I loved but it was a pain to always have to have it lit when reading without proper light. It is great to have the screen backlit without the eyestrain that comes with a tablet.
Read Kindle books daily and had been utilizing my iPhone and IPad to read but neither of these are conducive to reading in the sunlight. SO I bought myself an early Christmas present and love the ease of use and the ability to read while outside in the bright sunlight. Worth every penny!!!
Great size and the ability to make print type changes. Love to carry whiletraveling and my time, spare time,can be managed better to reading, which I love to do.
easy to use, easy to love. extremely user friendly. Beats the nook I had by a 1000%. the battery life is outstanding
our granddaughter loves to read and my wife has one also so we thought this would be a perfect gift for her.
My vision is failing, but this is easy to read in any light. It fits nicely in my purse to take anywhere.
I absolutely love this. I thought I wouldn't like it as much as holding a book, but I love it and it's wonderful for nighttime reading, and beach reading as well. Plus I can have a few books without carrying a ton.
I've had two previous generations of Kindles, but always found myself longing for the old hardcover. No more... This is perfect for my needs. Can read outside or in a darkened room. For approximately $100, it can't be beat.
Great screen and very light to hold. It makes reading a book effortless.
I purchased this for my teenage daughter. She is constantly reading, but was using her cell phone.So glad I got this for her. What a difference! Free shipping and super fast delivery.
I'm enjoying my new kindle paperwhite so far. Everything is perfect.
I have found little to complain about since purchasing this device. It's sturdy, bright, and a touchscreen.Perfect for what you use it for. Get a nice case for it and it becomes indestructible!
They just keep getting better. My wife used her original kindle with a book light, the lighting is so good on this one it's by by book light. The battery life is amazing
It isn't my first e-reader Amazon - Kindle, and last model - Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite is very-very good!
This is an improvement over the old Kindle. Have had it for a couple months and it works great.
As an avid book reader, I have always loved having an actual book. I was very reluctant to get a Kindle at first. However, It has been such a surprise. It's very light weight and thus easier to hold then a traditional book. You can easily download new books at the click of a button. There are daily and monthly deals you can take advantage of for a fraction of the cost of a regular book. The viewing experience is superb because you can change fonts and size and increase or decrease background lighting, making it very easy to read in any light. If I don't know a word I can automatically look up the definition or add highlights or notes. Plus, I can carry an entire library with me where ever I go. I actually read way more now than I ever did before. I am extremely impressed with this device and it's more than exceeded my expectations. I highly recommend it to anyone.
He loves to read his books through this kindle. Not to complicated and easy to use.
I bought two of these for my parents while they were visiting. These were an excellent choice as my parents are older. Being able to adjust the font size, the backlit display touch screen all easy to use features. My parents read alot and have said many times now how much they enjoy them.
Easy to carry all your books in one place. You will never get distracted when using kindle.
I did my research before I bought this and there have been no surprises. I wanted a nice easy screen to read, and a good battery. The paperwhite has both. For the price it is hard to beat this device.
A great price for an e-reader with a great battery life. Love the e-ink too.
easy to read on the beach in bright sunlight. good battery life
I spend a lot of time at the lake and love to read. I enjoy being outdoors and sitting on the dock reading. It was always impossible with my phone or iPad, which I still love! This is just amazing, like reading a "paper book" without having to hold it "open"! Love the clarity!!!
Love this e-reader! Lightweight, easy to read screen even in very bright conditions. Very easy to check out and return library books without ever going to the library. Would recommend this product to anyone
Love it! Easy to use. So simple to order books and they are immediately downloaded.
Bought this for my friend. Very happy with this and asked for another one for his friend :)
i got this kindle for xmas. simply lovely. i would strongly recommend you to get one
I was thinking about to get a device to read on train or buses. Kindle paperwhite is the best for me when compared with others such as cellphone or tablet. And even in this latest model, it has higher display density and brightness control, which is what I want.So go ahead, get one, worth to have your trip full of fun.
I used a Nook reader for several years but got no customer service when I needed anything. The Kindle customer service is truly first class and the reader is a quality item.
This camera is a little thicker than other "pocket" cameras, primarily due to the fold-out LCD screen. The screen is a nice feature as it provides additional stability when in the "out" position. The zoom capability and image stabilization features are also very good.
All I wanted was a reader and this is the perfect solution. Love me Kindle Fire but not great as a reader.
I chose the Paperwhite primarily because of the backlighting. I also own an original Kindle that does not have this feature. I love the new Paperwhite! I recently used it on a long trip and truly enjoyed the convenience and ease of use. I loved the fact that I did not have to turn on another light to read!
I bought it for my 12 year old who likes to read. Now she LOVES to read. Her mother and I are very happy, as one could imagine. The Kindle works great, and we love the backlit touch screen.
Take the time to read the instructions. Works great!
I bought this for my wife and mostly she wanted it for the touch screen and the back lit screen and finally after owning three different kindles she loves this one! She wears glasses and finds this one to be less strenuous after hours of reading. I would def recommend this kindle to anyone.
I was using Nook glow light, migrating to paper white has been the bestKindle store provides plenty of books compared to nookBattery life is excellent , will last 2-3 weeks without recharging with daily use of 2 hours
A great ebook reader which is easy to read in sunlight and can be dimmed right down at night so it doesn't disturb my wife. Top menu can be a bit confusing but on the whole all user friendly.
It is extremely light weight and easy to carry around. Great resolution. I also purchased the protective cover.
Love this newer version of an e reader. I had a Kindle Keyboard and loved it. I finally wore it out after 5+ years. This Kindle is even better as you can read at night.
The Kindle Paper White is the perfect gift for anyone. My mom had the original Kindle and it recently broke. When I was looking for a new one for her I looked at other Kindles and e-book readers. I wasn't a fan of the Nook and the Kindle Fire is great, but she wanted something simple just to read so she didn't need the internet connection. After playing with the Paper White in the store I decided it was perfect for her. She is not the best with technology, but after I showed her how to use it once she was able to use it on her own. Great gift for anyone!
It works great specially whit the new ligth frature
Great product. Easy to read on without feeling like you're staring at a computer screen. No glare at all no matter where I am. Very easy to hold whether reading sitting or laying down. Highly recommended!
I Love it...!!... It's so compact and lightweight.
I use this product all the time. The screen is great and the ads aren't obtrusive at all. It has great battery life. You can send it books as well with the Send to Kindle application available at Amazon.
When back light is off it's just like a paper. Very convenient for reading. For night, back light is so well done that still look natural.
I Love my new kindle! Is perfect, this model is The best
Easy and enjoyable to use! Had the original and wasn't sure I'd like the change, but I do!
After a lot of internal debate, review reading and getting tired of trying to hold onto my iPad in bed, I broke down and purchased this e-reader. To which I am truly glad that I made the purchase.It is light, easy to read, has a great battery life and a does not have the distractions of a smart phone or tablet. For these reasons, I'd highly recommend adding this tech to your arsenal.
Now she can read in bed and not bother me!! She loves this thing for her books. We have tablets and everything else but this is great for just reading.
No question about it this is the best e ink e reader available. Much easier on the eyes for long reading sessions that any tablet, even one with a sharp screen like an iPad Air/Mini or top of the line Samsung.
Just what you need for an ereader. Front lighting is very natural and doesn't give me a headache like trying to read on backlight screen like my iPad.
This is my third Kindle and I love them! The advantage to this one is I can read it easily with no other lights on.
Great reader, perfect size and weight, fantastic battery life.
Kindle parter white is perfect for reading in all sorts of lighting, and easy to use.
I'm glad that I did purchase this Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite - Black.It is really easy to use.
I love the size of the kindle. It is great to be able to put it in my purse. Also, main reason is I need to read outside sometimes and need to use sunglasses. The white paper make is real easy to read.
I bought this for my wife when she lost her kindle on vacation. Easy to set up and start using. Amazon customer service is also excellent!
Love the device, especially to read in the dark without disturbing my wife with the lights.
Pages are white and bright - indeed like a paper.Font and ability adjust its style and size gives perfect readability.Batteries last for very long time - long enough that you do not think much about charging them.
It is easy to see and adjust font style and size. Great for reading at night.
Easy to download books. Easy to use. Easy on the eyes when reading. Can read anywhere in any light--even in the sun! Passed my old one on to a family member. Love this Kindle !
The kindle paperwhite is absolutely a perfection. It is perfect for just picking up a book and instantly starting where you left off. The lighting is so realistic it feels like you're just reading real paper. Definitely a bargain.
I love my kindle fire but wanted this for reading outside and on the beach. It is perfect!
Works well and great for travel. Small and portable
I love how clear the screen is and no glare, it's amazing
This is my 4th Kindle. I love that it can be used in any light... even no light at all. It is small and easy to carry around. Still has all the best features of all the others before it.
This is very easy to read and use. The light weight is perfect.
Aside from being about the only eink readers still available, the Amazon Kindle series of readers offer bang for the buck, and features that you don't know you need. The Paperwhite reader is great in sunlight, in a lit room, or even in a darkened room. The available Kindle books offer a tremendous variety of genres and titles for a low cost. And with shareware converters like calibre, classics available through public domain are all there to be read. If you love books, then this is for you.
I bought this for my mom, who is 90 years old. She loves it, and it makes so much reading material available to her in a format that is easy to use and very accessible. Good job, Kindle!
Was bought as a gift. the person says that it works great and they say that does just what they wanted it to do and it is liked it really well.
This is my third kindle. Work offshore and read a lot. Unable to carry books with me so the kindle is perfect.
This is my first time using a kindle. I love that I can read it in all types of light. the size makes it very portable and it's easy to use.
I always buy these kindles for corporate giveaways. They're reasonably priced and are great quality.
Compact, light, and extremely easy on the eyes when reading.
This is the 3rd Paperwhite I've purchased... for me and as gifts. Absolutely love them!
this kindle is absolutely awesome! it has a great reading light on there and is easy to use. i would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for an e-book reader.
I absolutely love my Kindle Paperwhite. No glare no matter where I am reading. It is lightweight and the right size to take along in my purse. I had never had a kindle before and I am amazed with it!
This is the second paper white I have bought as a gift. Great product.
I had a 2nd generation Kindle and loved it, this one is even better. Very easy to use, great battery life and the backlight is awesome.
Great to read in the dark!! Purchased this and haven't regretted it since!!
This is my first kindle paperwhite.Great battery life and Best E-paper tablet.
Love this Kindle easy to navigate and love reading outside an having the ability to see the screen without difficulty
There's not much to say, it's really a simple device, and that's why I got it. It's for reading on a screen that won't bother my eyes after a long period of time.There are ads, but they are all specifically for the device, and aren't intrusive. Your books are listed above the ads.
I love these things and this is the best iteration yet! If you like to read, there is nothing better! Not only are the books cheaper, you can get almost anything you want to read instantly. If you like to travel, it is a must have - you can bring with as many books as you want (I take mine backpacking all the time) and never have to worry about taking up valuable space in your luggage.
I have an iPad mini but it's impossible to see in the sun. I started thinking about getting a kindle while on vacation and trying to read a book at the pool. Damp hands,wrinkled pages - sunscreen all made the experience icky. I live the size, battery power, ease of use and you can see it outside.
Much better than reading on my iPad, especially outdoors and at night. Portable size, great battery life, and must have for any serious reader
The size and weight is perfect. Easy to use and long battery life.
My second kindle. Paper white is really as good as old with advantage of being able to read in bed without needing extra light.
Very lightweight. Lots of features. Easy to read. Good software.
I'll never go back to books - Very easy to use and comfortable on the eyes
I had the old Version of the Kindle and loved it. But now that I have the Paperwhite, i realize what a good decision it was to trade up. The contrast is like reading a real book and it doesn't hurt your eyes to read it for a long time.
My kids were very excited to open this e-reader on Christmas morning. They both started looking up books etc. Very easy to use, small enough to stick in your purse/bag but big enough to read like a book. Very happy with this purchase.
I love the paper white kindle. Its exactly what I expected, I love that it doesn't glare and I can read anywhere.
I was searching for kindle for gifting it to my bro. I got the best deal at bestbuy.
I love this Kindle--easy to use, great on the eyes.
Not much to say as this is a wonderful reader, probably best yet. Bought 3 as gifts this year.
Greta screen and a great price. Easy to work with either using the Amazon book service or side loading.
If you love to read or want your kids to read, get this device, that's it.
This is a good item, i purchased several of these including family members, friends, and ideal for gift. I do recommend these devices, the special offers are not annoying.
Small, light weight, bright ... this is the best Kindle yet.
It was really easy to set up and start using quickly. Screen quality is great and the official Amazon Paperwhite case is a great addition. You can buy books either through your PC or directly on the Paperwhite itself. The screen is as good as on the pricier Kindle Voyage. :)
The Paperwhite is very convenient to use outside and inside, small enough to carry and great battery life.
Text is very crisp and easy to read. Would recommend to others
Good reads with my new paperwhite kindle. made my reading experience great.
This model has an excellent screen resolution and size. Very easy to use and navigate the functions. Web browser works great. The backlight is super helpful and does great in the sun for outdoor reading. It's small and lightweight size make it easy for me to carry in my purse. I would recommend this to anyone
I had a kindle before. This time I chose the paperwhite because there has a light and touchscreen. I really love the Kindle products. Very nice buy!
Does exactly what it's made for. Nice and clear screen perfect for reading.
My Kindle is a great addition to my Kindle'family' . I now have two that I use and enjoy.
Got this as a gift for someone, easy to set up and they are enjoying it immensely.
This version of the Kindle really does a great job as you read for extended periods. The screen allows you to read in different light levels, including outdoors, but more importantly, if you're in the kitchen and then move into the family room, the screen seems to adjust and really makes it a pleasure to use this new version vs. my older version.
Love the paperwhite! no glare- easy to hold. The built in light is also great for night reading. I had the Kindle app on my Galaxy tablet but never used it because of the glare.
If you are a hardcore reader, this is your Kindle! The light makes a huge difference to read under any conditions, it´s a big improvement from the standard Kindle, if you are unsure between one or the other, go for the Paperwhite, it´s worth the extra money.
Brought this for my son for xmas, he loved it and was very happy with it.
Very comfortable to read from - doesn't give off a bright light if reading at light. Doesn't strain eyes
I bought this for my wife and she loves it. She's an avid reader and doesn't get much time to do so. This was a perfect gift so she can travel with it.
Enjoy using it outside so I can continue to use my kindle no matter where I am.
this product went well as a gift and was well excepted and used many times since purchase.
I purchased one for myself a few months ago & now this one is for my husband. No glare inside or outside. It adjusts itself once I have my brightness preference set. Light weight & battery life is amazing!
It's my first e-reader ever, so I am a novice. I like my Kindle which now is a large part of my life the same way printed books have always been. It's very compact, weighs very little, has great features (touchscreen, adjustable brightness, easy to navigate and download books). The battery really lasts a long time as advertised. I just wish public libraries had more books in the Kindle format and better interface for e-books.
Was undecided between new PaperWhite and Voyage models and doing a lot of research to see which one is best. Based on some personal analysis on in-store samples, I felt the Voyage has nothing more price worthy than what new PW could offer with lesser $$$. If you are undecided like me, don't worry about the gimmicks of voyage, go for PW..
It's light and convenient to carry. I can, in fact, carry it in my jacket pocket. So it's good when I am moving around by bus. Book downloads are instant and don't take a long time; something I was concerned about. And the screen is truly comfortable, no strain whatsoever. The functions within the Kindle are also convenient enough to use. I bought it for $99 during Black Friday deals.
Had no problem with the instructions available in the system itself. Enjoy the 'easy on the eyes' lighting.
Love being able to have and use. Really wanted it.
I have loved Kindles from the first time I turned one on. I now read about 12 books a year (that's a lot for me). I finally upgraded to the Paperwhite for the backlight feature. I take it with me everywhere in case I have an extended wait time somewhere. But I mostly use it in bed. The size makes it easy to hold. It's a lot better then holding a cumbersome book and doesn't hurt as much when I start to doze off and drop it on my face. I have set the text size big enough to read without my glasses, get in bed, turn on the backlight, and read in the dark. Good for reading in sunlight too. I only read books with my Kindle, so I didn't see the need to buy the Fire. And I only needed the Wi-Fi version (no 3G desired). I also didn't see the need to pay $80 more for the Voyage.
This is an amazing device! I would recommend this to ANY reader.
You really can't get much better than a Kindle for reading ebooks. The Paperwhite is great as it has a touchscreen and has a backlight for reading in just about any environment.
I bought my wife a Paperwhite a couple of years ago while I did much of my reading on my iPad. She loved the Paperwhite and I didn't know what I was missing out on. Don't get me wrong, I love my iPad, it's just that it wasn't designed to be only a reader. Now that I have a Paperwhite of my own, reading has become even more enjoyable than it was on my iPad, and I can't think of one negative thing to say about my purchase.
I just love this. best investment ever! I am considering buying this again and offering it as a christmas present.
The paper white is easy to hold and simple to use. Downloading books is very fast. The screen is easy on the eyes and makes reading a book enjoyable.
I love my Kindle its the best e-reader available its the only way to read.
My second purchase, new font is very readable in any light and especially outdoors. The battery life is great, no recharging every night like a phone or tablet.
I read reviews on Amazon some bashing it because they said the screen wasn't paper white. Well it isn't IF you have the back light off. It's white with the back light on. Even with my back light on durning daylight I still got a few weeks of read time out of this. It's amazing don't let others tell you it's not. And the adds only on the lock screen.
First purchase of an e reader. Kindle Paperwhite is very refined after many generations of change on Kindles. Device is responsive for loading and downloading new books. Backlight is easy to use and adjustable. Our library has over 9000 books compatible with Kindle for checkout. Get the magnetic cover (Kindle brand or OEM) as it turns the device on and off with opening.
Easy to set up, and easy to use. Can read in bright sunlight with no glare at all. Performs as advertised. Battery life is exceptional. Will last for 8 to 10 hours on a charge depending on brightness setting.Would recommend this to any avid reader. It is light and will hold hundreds of books.
The Kindle Paperwhite is an awesome alternative to a paperback book. Great reading and lighting in all angles and lighting conditions. Price is great compared to similar devices. Great at what its designed for - I highly recommend if you want a dedicated reading tablet.
Finnally decided to read book on eink instead of ipad and got this kindle.I just love it, it is amazing. The text is crispy just like real ink, and the backlight is helful in all lighting conditions. Kindle books are cheaper, so buying this reader actually saves you a lot of money.
Small but meaningful software improvements and a screen as good as the Voyager make this hands down the best value in the Kindle line.
Easy to readNo eye strainLong battery lifeSimple to useInterfaces well with computerNot for web browsingVery ergonomicLightweightSturdy
I got this for a Christmas gift for my daughter. This is the second one I have gotten for her.The first one is starting drop words and she has to download books several times in order to finish reading. She diid a lot of research before she asked for the Paperwhite. I am sure she will love it.o
My 1st generation Kindle broke and I decided to replace it. The back light was the one thing missing from my first Kindle. The back light, long battery life, lightweight and ability to store 1000s of books made this an excellent choice for me. I almost never leave home without it.
Works well in sunlight I love it! No pesky ads love it
Daughter loves it. Screen easy to read. Easy on the eyes.
Easy to read books and it holds a great deal. Ideal to take on a vacation.
Very nice screen resolution. Easy to read in both sun and in the dark.
She was so excited to receive it and likes that she can read it outside in the sun or inside in the dark. Big improvement over the original Kindle which I also gave her.
How can you not love it? It provides convenience. It works great to borrow books from the public library. Just imagine all the savings on hardbound books.
If you are solely looking for the best reading experience, and not looking for tablet functionality, the Kindle Paperwhite will serve your purposes very well. Besides providing a great reading experience with its dictionary, Wikipedia acess and Xray function, the in book search function works perfectly. The Glow light also works great and has a very large range of brightnesses.The text is very crisp, and the battery life s excellent. An excellent buy.
Gift for my wife. Great upgrade from the original kindle. The new features with built in lighting is great.
This is the second Kindle Paperwhite that I have bought. The first is now in use by another family member. I truly enjoy reading with this e-reader. Is it easy to adjust text size and brightness, depending on your needs and room lighting.
This is perfect for my needs. I love reading, and can do it in low light situations now. This Paperwhite replaces one I lost in Europe on my last trip. Can't be without one.
This is my second paperwhite kindle & I can't imagine not having one with me all the time.
Took it on vacation & loved it! Read on the beach with no problems as the screen is bright & the font can be made as big as you need..Easy to download books too. If you're looking for just a great little, very portable reader I highly recommend this Kindle.
This kindle paper white is an excellent choice for reading on the beach or in sunlight
The first thought came into my mind after getting Kindle Paperwhite that why I didn't buy this thing earlier! It is an awesome device. I really didn't think that a digital device can fill up the space of a physical book. Highly recommended.
I'm loving how easy it is to load my paper white with books and take it along on a trip or to the pool. I've used it on a recent cruise and it was perfect; I could read at night in the cabin and not wake my husband since I didn't need to turn on any lights. The ease of use has inspired me to read more, which is nice.
It has been a great device to read books, and the price is awesome too.
Fantastic gadget for reading. Excellent quality and the right price!
This is my second Kindle as I updated from a previous model. This is lighter more comfortable to hold and the internal light is amazing.
I bought it as a present for my little sister. She loves it so much that when she got it she did not take her hands off of it and started reading right away! Such a good kindle.
Bought it for my wife for her birthday. She used on a trip to Europe and loved it.
This version makes it incredibly easy to read. Much better than an iPad.
Purchased as gift for my wife. She loves it. Display is very crisp and easy to read
This is the best kindle yet. Love the features and soft back-lighting.
The adjustable backlighting is perfect for reading in any light or no light at all reducing eye strain.
Is exactly what I was hoping for. Easy to use. Absolutely perfect product.
The Kindle Paperwhite is a great e-reader. It is light and easy on the eyes.I like that not only is it easy to find and get books from Amazon but also from my public library.
For the longest time I had been using a Kindle Keyboard which was good for its time until the 3rd gen. Paperwhite came along. The decision was a no brainer especially with the 300 dpi lighted screen and at the same reasonable price. I've gotten used to using the touch screen compared to the physical turn page buttons although every now and then the screen should be wiped to remove oils from our skin that accumulate. There is always something for everyone in the Kindle store
Clear, easy to use, easy to read, This is my 2nd paperwhite & would buy again.
I own a Kindle HD and completely love it! But when trying to read in areas with a lot of light I kept getting a glare. With the paperwhite I have no more glare. Awesome!
Lives up to all the positive comments that I found online. I have not encountered any of the negative issues mentioned in the reviews.
The is a comfortable device. It's easy to hold even with a cover. No eye strain. The light doesn't disturb anyone else, but makes it possible to read in a dark space. The battery lasts a long time. I like this much better than my nook.
This is my first Kindle Paperwhite and I wouldn't hesitate to purchase another when this dies. I own Nook readers and this is as good as those. (Some might say better, but for what I want in an ereader, they are pretty equivalent.) Very easy to use and comfortable to read.
This is my second Kindle Paperwhite. I received this generation to replace my older generation. The screen is even clearer than the previous version. Previous version still worked perfectly. Paperwhite is so easy to read and the backlight is great for bedtime reading.
Nice compact size. White screen makes it easier to read
Kindle paperwhite is very good for reading. I have bought 4. I think it very good both for personal use and gift.
I didn't expect it to be so little, however I ordered it online and I should have read the description on the screen size. Other than that, it has been really great reading and playing with it.
got this because where i work we are not allowed anything with a camera.this was perfect,can read for hours with little strain on my eyes.
The view is so clear & much more enjoyable than the prevoius model.
I love my Kindle Paperwhite. I can read at night without my eyes bothering me. The builtIn light is an awesome feature. The screen looks just like the pages of a book.
Great book reader. Works great in sunlight as well!
I've had the original Kindle and was excited to get the paper white for Christmas. I absolutely love it. Extremely easy to read and handle. Wish I had gotten it a long time ago,
I really enjoy this item. Very easy to use and navigate
nice price, loved the price match--easy to get refund of cost differencemuch simpler to view than original kindle
The paper white is a fantastic e reader with many great features not found on most of the competitors
This would be my only ereader, perfect for days outside in sun or at beach, etc.
This was a Christmas present for my daughter, she reads big books very fast. When we bought the Kindle Paperwhiye we signed up for the Amazon Prime now she reads up to 5 books a week.
Bought this for my wife who swore she would never give up paperback books. Now she uses this one all the time. It's the perfect size to fit in her purse for trips too.
Love it. Good size for travel. Great features. No glare when using outside in the sun.
Being an avid reader with a preference towards hardbacks I was very skeptical of e-readers. Because I also travel extensively carrying hardbacks and having enough lighting to read has been a challange. My husband purchased a Kindle Paperwhite for me for Christmas. Upon opening I wasn't sure I was ready to go digital - HOWEVER I love it, I've already completed 2 books. The paperwhite is backlit and easy to hold. It fits in the palm of my hand so one handed reading is easy. I am now a believer ....
This is my first E-Reader but I have numerous mobile devices and I can say without hesitation that this reader is awesome. It's just like reading a book. I have no complaints, fits my needs perfectly. Very pleased with my purchase.
It was a birthday present for a teenager. He carries it around and reads mostly on the kindle.
I am so very happy with my new kindle paperwhite. It is everything I hoped for!
love the light, this tablet is great, if u just want to read
Easy set up and use. Beautiful screen, comfortable and light weight. No eye strain!
I had the kindle keyboard before and got the paper white for Christmas and really like. I can read I any light I no longer have to have a light attached to my kindle to read before bed. Pretty simple to use.
I bought as a gift for my daughter but she also received from another person. However she still enjoyed it.
I bought this for my wife and she loved it! We bought this specifically because it has no glare in the sun, tons of books through Amazon!
Great battery life, excellent screen to read. Help and directions could be better but still very happy
It took a little while to figure it out, but once I did it is very simple and easy to use! Convenient and great for reading both indoors and outdoors which is exactly what I was looking for.
The Kindle paperwight is a great lightweight alternative to my usual 10 inch e-reader tablet for travel and reading outside.
works excellent in daylight either inside or outside and the backlight is great for nightime
Like most, I love reading actual books that I can feel in my hand and turn the physical pages of. Due to that thinking, I spent years not really considering a Kindle. All I can say is that I wish I had one years ago!! It's incredibly easy to read on, and so handy to have. I load up tons of books, which take up no space, and am all set. And I love that I can read before bed without having to leave the light on. Having a Kindle has reinvigorated my love of reading, and I'm reading more than I have in the last few years. Cannot recommend this enough.
Husband loves it-great screen. Light and easy to use
Excellent screen. Very easy to read. Easy to navigate. Love it.
The Paperwhite Kindle is awesome. Lightweight and easy to use. I can dim the backlight so that I don't disturb my husband when I read in bed at night.
i have been wanting a kindle for some time and am very happy with it
This can be used in any conditions. Very user friendly.
This has been excellent purchase as avid reader it has been a pleasure bringing hours of entertaining joy. I love the lightweight sleek design & size. I take it everywhere. It is easy to use & capable of downloading everything I need.
This Kindle works great for reading outdoors in daylight and can also download books using the Wi-Fi from the device.
My old Kindle was broken, so I received the Paper white for a Christmas gift. I love it! It is small and light enough to carry anywhere, and I love that I can adjust the back light to accommodate day or dark.
Previous kindle user updating to the paperwhite. Easy to read screen and the 3g is a good feature to have while traveling.
I bought this for my fiance for Christmas and she loves it. She uses it everyday. The paper white version is fantastic. There is no glare, it doesn't get too bright if the room is dark, and she uses it outside as well as in the car all the time with no screen issues! This device has been charged once and that was when we first got it. She hasn't had to charge it in over a month. Highly recommend!!!
You can go cheap for the regular kindle, but in my opinion its worth the extra money to get the paperwhite model. If you had both beside each other or sometimes read at night, you'd go with the paperwhite too.
Simply great. Really comfortable to read, even for hours. Took me a bit to get used to the light settings though, but once I got the hang of it, really nice.
Couldn't wait for my son to open his Kindle Paperwhite. for Christmas. He was thrilled to get it. But, powering it up he found out it was lighter, more versatile and enjoyable to use. One of the best.gifts I've given.
I had a Nook for several years but did not get good service from Barnesand Noble so I switched to the Amazon Kindle and I am sooooo happy!
This paperwhite is just the right size as many paperbacks, but thinner. Can read in any light. Works as advertised!
Kindle paper white is great. Easy to read with. Lightweight so you can throw it in your purse or travel bag & take it anywhere. I haven't had the chance to use it outside yet, but will when the weather warms up. Best gift I ever gave myself!
I had purchased the original kindle s few years ago and in December sprang for the new kindle paper white. I thought I might have been wasting money but it is definately an improvement to the original. It's lighter and so much clearer to read from. It's easier to read in dark situations or on flights at night. I love the differences the new improved kindle provides.
I love the Amazon White for its size and lighted screen.
I enjoyed reading on my old Kindle for many years, however I cracked the screen. I didn't want a tablet because I like how the readers are lighter and easier to read. I read all the reviews for the Paper white. It meets all my needs and is even better than the first edition Kindle. I love the higher resolution. It's easy on my eyes so I can read for hours. Great storage also.
I had a Kindle Color before. It was great, but the White Paper is way better. You don't need a light on to see the print. I use it a lot on airplanes
best buy matching prices was great it did match the price offered by other vendors thats why i always go to best buy for all my gadgets need
Christmas gift for a family member. They love it. It was easy and quick to set up for them. It will be practical to use at home and to travel.
I love my Kindle! It is one of the best Christmas gifts I've received in a long time. It's the ideal version of a book electronically. It's light weight and easy on the eyes. I recommend this Kindle to anyone that loves to read but isn't thrilled about carrying around a hard back or paper book.
I owned a first generation kindle (that was shaped like a book, with one side wider and heaver to mimic a spine, BTW) when they first came out. Then I owned a kindle 2, which really didn't improve much except on the physical shape and memory. But this one is a huge improvement. Having the back-lit display is completely awesome. I thought I was going to miss a physical keyboard but I definitely don't. If you have a non-backlit kindle, I'd definitely recommend this one. Also, I've played with my friend's Voyager, and I definitely don't think it's worth the extra price for what you get.
Great product for our needs and great value! Bought one for my son and a second for my mom.
This e-reader is amazing. It is so light and easy to read with one hand. The screen is great and the battery lasts for weeks.
Easy to use with great battery life, and easy to read in all light conditions.
The Kindle Paperwhite is, hands down, the best e-reader out there. Text is sharp and clear. No glare. Simple to use. I'm reading more than ever.
Received as a Christmas present. The size is perfect. I read a lot and this is perfect for me.
The built in backlight is fantastic. Let you get a slimmer case that's easier to carry around
I purchased the Kindle after researching readers online, I have had it for a month and it is awesome!
Reading in bright sunlight is now easy on the eyes
bought for a birthday gift my daughter loves it. the clarity and the dictionary and vocabulary builder are great tools she says
Perfect for me. Just the right size, light weight, and reads easy.
Exceeded my expectations. Light & text adjustable. Able to buy books from device and to review from Goodreads. Downloads instantly. Lightweight and easy to hold. Fits in my purse perfectly for reading on the go!
bought the original when it first came -- never a problem original battery - thought it was time to upgrade -
L8ght weight. Easy menu to use. Very easy for eldery mother to use
The Paperwhite is an excellent eReader. It's easy to use, has good battery power and is a good weight and size.
She loves reading books on it and it is very easy on the eyes
The paper white screen is super clear and easy on the eyes, making reading a pleasure in any light. The touch controls are intuitive and easy to learn. Books load fast. The battery life has been great! If you're looking for an eBook, this is it.
eyes feel comfortable reading the paper white after lights out
I love that it is lightweight and easy to use. My local librarian showed me how to borrow e-books and it is so simple to do. Perfect for me.
I bought this for an employee of mine. She loves it. It is light compact and allows her to carry tons of books with her. She is huge book reader so this is a must for anyone that is a big reader. She always thinks it is really easy to read also with the white background.
This is very nice! The paperwhite is great on the eyes!!
I read many reviews before purchasing. I can see why it has such a high favorable rating! The picture is clear and crisp, even when not receiving a SHD signal. Set up was quick and easy. I love the streamlined remote. I'm going to really enjoy this for the Superbowl. I would definitely recommend this tv to anyone.
Best e-reader ever! love the back light and how light it is. My boss suggested the paperwhite after she saw how much I love to read and I have to say it's the best gift I could've ever bought myself. If you love to read you won't be disappointed because it reads like an actual book the only difference is it's not bulky and you can actually adjust the backlight as needed. I also love the fact that I can read at night without having to turn on the lamp to see the letters. You can also adjust the font size so you don't have to strain your eyes (try doing that on a regular book). Over all I can't say enough good things about the paperwhite. I totally LOVE mine!!
This refrigerator is absolutely terrific. The Features are very well thought out. It works well for a mom who is into healthy eating with plenty of space and for kids with their own drawer for snacks and beverages. It's attractive, too!
My old kindle died after almost ten years. Upgraded to this new model. I like the upgraded features and it is still easy to use. It's the best on the market if you just need a reader.
Bought this as a gift for grandson who loves to read. Easy to set up and easy to use. Love it.
I switched to a Kindle because my second Nook died. The Kindle is very easy to use and extremely easy to read. There is virtually no eye strain even after many hours of reading. Also it is very sturdy.
I bought this reader because my Nook was hard to read in the sun. THis reader was easy to use and great for any light including sunlight.
great reader, no glare. Love my iPad, but this is great if you don't want the glare from light. After using this product it is not as quick as an iPad.
The lighting makes this kindle the best I 've seen.
I love reading & I have thought about getting an e-reader for a while now. The Kindle Paperwhite is lightweight, has adjustable lighting, is easy to read inside & outside, & the text is adjustable for both size & type. Holds a charge for days, even when used for hours at a time. Amazon has thousands of books for Kindle, many deals/discounts & even has books that are free. Well worth purchasing if you love to read.
Great product and service. the amazon kindle was is perfect for reading
This is my third Kindle & each one has been excellent. My most recent purchase was the Paperwhite because of the built in light. I really enjoy reading with, especially in dark places.
I bought this as a gift for a teen. I already have one and love it. Being able to select a new book to read any time of the day is great. I am a library user so wasn't sure I was get much use out of a kindle. I have grown to love it. Many free books are available and you can share your selections with others. Functions allow you to increase font size, read it either portrait or landscape (great for reading in bed), and screen brightness is adaptable. Can play games on it, and you need wifi just to acquire new books. You can take it anywhere to read your books.
I've had an iPad and iPHone for years, which also allow me to read my kindle library, but the Paperwhite has three advantages: 1) you can see it in bright sunlight, 2) the charge will last for weeks, and 3) because it is much cheaper it is less vulnerable to theft and less of a loss if it is damaged. I bought the Internet version, but it is also available with a connection to the kindle net, which enables you to download books anywhere, even where there is no access to Internet.
Great product. Books download fast. Great traveling companion.
I love my new paperwhite. I can download books quickly and now read more books.
The Paperwhite is very convenient. Great battery life. I still love books, but with the Paperwhite, I can have multiple books going at once, depending on what I feel like reading at the time. Overall a great product.
Very powerful book! Regardless of the no. of books I purchased, I only carry 1 small, light unit!
My son was very happy with his Christmas gift. Kindle unlimited a must!
We bought this to use instead of an IPad for reading books. It's a great buy! no glare from sunlight or lightbulbs and super light and easy to carry around!
Being the best husband I can be, after hearing the wife say she would like a Kindle, did some research and saw that the PaperWhite would be perfect for her reading habits.
I am a previous kindle owner - my favorite feature of this kindle is the back light. I love to sit outside and read and this makes is possible without having to juggle a light
I wanted a tablet had no idea what one I wanted and the sales clerk said that he would buy this one if it was him making the purchase so I said OK bought it and was in and out of the store in 15 minutes! Great service and a great product!
I initially read e-books on my old Kindle that needed a light. I then migrated to using my mini iPad with a kindle app. The brightness bothered my eyes and outside it was pretty useless. I bought the paper white as it has a backlight that isn't too strong. Love it!
A must buy if you want to read without the hassle of a physical book!
Great for reading in both the dark and outside. Perfect for the bookworm in your family.
The paper white is great after a day on the computer at work. It's so much easier on my eyes than a tablet. Love it.
I got this for my X'mas gift for myself. It is good up to now. Very easy to carry and eyes don't feel tired after reading.
The Kindle Paperwhite is easy to read in daylight outside is shining as well as in the dark. I no longer need a reading light at night to enjoy my books. The battery lasts several weeks between charges. I would recommend this unit to friends!
Very happy that I decided to upgrade to the paperwhite version of the Kindle. Now I can see what I am reading. It was very difficult with the original Kindle that I received as a gift.
I can't put this Kindle down! It's amazing to have this thing on me at all times. Best purchase of the year
Purchased the Kindle PaperWhite because I got tired of reading on regular tablets and ipads. Those devices really do strain your eyes...not so with the Kindle. The display is crisp and amazing. The battery life is astronomical. Highly recommended and for the price...it is a steal.
This was a gift to my husband. It's the only e-reader that can be read in sunlight and since we were going to Hawaii, I thought it'd be nice for him not to have to lug along a bunch of books (I already had my Kindle).
Paper white does everything I've wanted in a reader. Light, great lighted background, and the easiest to use.
Light, compact, and great light. This is the best e-reader money can buy.
I purchased this as a gift for my mother. I already owned a Kindle Paperwhite and knew that it would be perfect for her. It is lightweight and easy to hold; lit from behind so no glare (easy on the eyes); and the font size can be easily adjusted. A charge lasts for a week or more. With a Kindle you can carry an entire library of books with you. The Paperwhite easily slips into a purse or large coat pocket, so you are never without a book whether you are traveling or waiting for someone. I was right about my mom; she was thrilled to receive her Kindle, and at 86 she is excited about using new technnology.
I had been reading on my iPad mini but I was scared it would damage it carry it around. This is perfect!!
Pleasant experience, I still love paper books, but you get used to the versatility of the kindle
It's small and compact. There is no glare, battery life is awesome and it's very easy to read in the dark.
The paper white is a great kindle that easy to handle and use. Bright screen is perfect for sunlight
Really a nice laptop for a good price. Also very good service from the salesman.
My phone (Note 5) is just a little small to hold and to read books on. This Kindle is much better. Lightweight, easy to read, great battery life. It's right on the edge of being a little big, but that's probably because of what I've been used to.
The best e-reader. It's light weight and holds its charge for days. Awesome!
It's great to read either in the day or at night. It's light and has nice feeling of touch. My friends bought their kindle long time ago, and I just got mine. The design and everything is better and better. I love kindle paperwhite than the basic one. I would highly recommend it to my other friends if they don't have one.
I love this little device. It's perfect for reading anywhere and anytime, especially great to use in the dark after my hubby is asleep. Most back lit devices hurt my eyes by this one doesn't bother them at all.
Don't over pay for things you don't need or want. Great value for a reader ! Just we were looking for and works good.
Found information very readable and prices compatible.
I'm high-tech in most ways but have always been a traditionalist when it comes to books. I love the feel of paper in my hands. This was my first eBook reader and I'm surprised to be 100% satisfied. I've read more in the past month than I had in the previous year.I have no complaints about it at all. Small and durable. Light works great and is easily adjustable. I thought I would hate the advertisements but it's really just on the screen when the power is off, then it goes away when you start to read. I mostly use Overdrive for library books, and it's a bit of a pain (since you need a computer and the Kindle), but it's well worth it.
The Kindle Paperwhite is a great device to have while flying on long trips. It helps to past the time and it is very easy to use and transport in your personal luggage.
This is a simple Ereader that looks great in any light. Highly recommended!
There is no doubt this is the best available e-reader in the market.I was struggling with tablet vs reader but eventually ended up with reader as it gives the best reading experience.
Compact, great look without that super bright look of tablets that seems to strain my eyes when reading for a while. Not much as far as tablet features, but as just an e-reader this is the best out there for now
This was a perfect gift for my daughter, especially as she gets ready to go to college.
I spend a lot of time looking at a computer screen; when it comes time for leisure reading, it is nice to have relief from bright light. The paperwhite Kindle provides a very eye-friendly experience, with sharp text even at a small size. And there's no struggle with holding open pages of a book. Unlike the Kindle Fire, obviously, it is not a good choice for browsing the web or reading e-mail. Navigation between books is not as easy as I would like; a half screen of 6 recent books, with the other half taken up by "recommended" books is not as handy as a full-screen text list of my books would be. But the actual process of reading is easy, and there are a few tools for note taking and seeing how frequently other people highlight sections of text. Cross-book text searching is a great feature, if you need it, too.
Paperwhite feature is perfect for intended uses. Outside, on the beach, at night.
I bought this as a retirement gift for a friend. I love the size and weight of this kindle, as well as the "paperwhite" lighting.
This compact device is easy to use and can be taken anywhere. It is a pleasure to have your favorite book with you when you have some down time.
easy on the eyes and no trouble to use. had a little trouble setting up but once we did there has been no issues. great for traveling or curling up in your favourite chair
Im in love with this kindle...i upgraded from a kindle 2 and the convenience of having the light built in is awesome! Theres no eyestrain whatsoever! It goes with me everywhere i go!!
I received the Standard Kindle as a gift and upgraded to the paper white. It is perfect for all settings and is super easy to use. The backlights and adjustable dimmer makes it perfect in any light. I am reading so much more now with my new Kindle Paperwhite. Absolutely love it!
I love my Kindle Paperwhite! It's very easy to use and lightweight. The best part is that I can read it outside during the day or late at night in bed. It's easier on my eyes than reading from the Kindle ap on my phone.
The Kindle paperwhite is the perfect e-reader. The screen resolution, size, and capacity make a complete package. If your objective is to read, this is the optimal product. If you want to play games or are enamored with color for magazine viewing, do not purchase this product.
Briught my Kindle Paperwhite on a beautiful sunny cruise. It was wonderful. It's easy to read in the sun, or the shade. Simple to download books, easy to charge, held a charge for days worth of reading.
The price, design, size,and the resolution is perfect!
Very easy to read and great back lighting. Discounted price was a pleasant surprise.
This is a great e reader. There is no glare it is easy on the eyes.
Devise does what it's supposed to do very well. Easy on the eyes and battery life is awesome. Recommended
Got it for my wife she loves it easy to read loves the fact that does not have to carry a book with. Her
I really like this product. It is my first e-reader. My family has had them but now that I have my own I love it. It really looks like you are reading a real page in a book and the backlight is what really makes the difference for me. It allows me to read anywhere even in the dark without worry about fumbling with a reading light. Although I love the feel of a real book and watching the bookmark go further through the pages I am starting to get over that. The connivence of holding this instead of a book and also being able to have multiple books going at once without carrying a bunch of books with you is great. I can fit this in my coat pocket on the train while I commute. It is pretty small and now that I figured out how to borrow kindle books from my library via overdrive I save a ton of money by borrowing instead of paying for all my kindle books. I definitely recommend this Kindle Paperwhite product, the 300 ppi screen is really nice and the price is very reasonable. I couldn't find any reason to buy the more expensive version called the Voyage so my opinion is get this one.
loved the size and lightness of the product. Stays charged for a long time.
great product--exceeded expectations. Love the paper white screen
I've been wanting a Kindle Paperwhite for a while, putting off buying some books I want to read because I didn't want to be carrying all that weight with me when I'm traveling. I'm so glad I finally got it! I loaded the books on, and it's been really easy to use. The controls are intuitive, and the light is great. Easy to use, easy to read on it.
The Kindle Paperwhite is lightweight and simple to use! I love my kindle! It looks just like I'm reading a regular book but I don't have to worry about flipping pages I just slide my finger or tap!
After ranting against e-readers for years, I decided that I could use one for the long bus trips into and back from work. Tablets gave me eyestrain, and one of my brothers (who happened to have the same problem with tablet-reading) suggested doing what he did and getting a Paperwhite.This thing is amazing! I am now a firm believer! The simplicity of its controls, the portability, and Best Buy's 2-year extended warranty have made this something I ALWAYS carry with me!
I bought this as a gift for my wife who in the past said she would never use a Kindle. Since getting one, she uses it any spare moment that she has. It is convenient to take on trips, easy to use, and can be read in low lit areas. The antiglare screen is great when used outdoors or in brightly lit locations.
I love my kindle, i did a lot of research and this was the best option for me, i don't regret buying it.
This was a replacement for one of the original Kindles I used. I enjoy this product much better. Screen resolution and backlight are excellent enhancements. Works great in bright sunlight. Touch screen works much better that old keyboard. Would buy it again in a heartbeat
We got this item for my parents to use - who are not the most tech savvy - and even they love to use it! It took them a few days to catch on and fully understand how it works and why its so great but now they each want one of their own
I love my new Kindle Paperwhite. I love the small size and the fact that is backlit.
Other digital devices are distracting. Kindle keeps you focused and gives a good feeling of reading.
This is an awesome kindle easy to transport and love the clear screen.
Love it! Lightweight, great for outdoor reading, for travel and all around reading.
It is useful and quite light weight. This tablet is much more than my expectation. Besides, my eyes feel very comfortable to read article on it.
Long battery life, clear,crisp screen,lightweight and easy to hold. Compatible with Amazon's vast ecosystem of reading materials. Lose yourself in the book--- it is a joy to use.
This is my third kindle. I mainly bought this one so that I would be able to read on the beach.So far I really like it.
The perfect e-reader quite simply. Does exactly what you need it to do.
This thing is awesome! I am not much of reader myself but wanted to get into reading to improve my reading speeds and enjoy a good book every now and then. This seemed to worked perfectly for me. I can say I know enjoy reading very much, even after years and years of never picking up a book.I have always wanted a kindle ever since I saw the wonderful paper-like screen it had, and this one in particular has a built in adjustable light, which is a great feature for reading in dark places.With kindle unlimited it makes it even easier and really inexpensive to read books without the commitment to have to buy the book, not to mention all the free samples.I have yet to even scratch the surface on the newspapers, magazines and other fairly inexpensive subscription based services offered by kindle store. Can't wait!
was able to replace with new, with my warranty. This is is little better than the first one
I moved from a tablet back to the Kindle Paper white because I can read it anytime anywhere. So happy for the non glare screen
I love electronics and thought the Kindle would be nice but certainly not something I needed. It is a reading game changer. It is so easy to take with me, holds a charge for such a long time, but the best part of all is how comfortable it makes reading. My eyes are never strained, I can read in bright sunshine or a deep dark cave. Being an Audible customer, I can switch back and forth from listening to reading and the Paperwhite always keeps my place, it is just amazing!
Very light to carry and easy to read in all light situations. The battery life makes it great for when you are on the road.
sweet product beats older ones by a mile! I checked out others but this was the best all around e reader hands down. I read at all times very easy to read at night time with little light. Easy too get what ever you want to read .
I have eBook readers on my iPad, but my Kindle is much more enjoyable to use for reading books. It's lighter weight and non glare screen make a big difference.
I got this for reading late at night and the reader is a easy way to read at night.
I bought this for a friend's birthday. He loved it. He is a heavy reader and he couldn't believe how amazing the kindle was.
I have several devices I could read on, but I like to read outside on the deck, at the park, by the pool, etc., and I can't stand glare. The Paperwhite is perfect for reading outside. It also has a backlight feature so I can read in the car at night or in the bed without disturbing the wife. The Paperwhite is the perfect e-reader if you want something with no glare, very lightweight, and one that works seamlessly with Amazon. As a Prime member with Kindle Unlimited, my Kindle Paperwhite is my go-to reader for everything.
Battery is nice. Screen looks amazing. Couldn't have asked for anything better.
I was happy with my Kindle Touch, but then started to envy people with Paperwhite who read in dark. I love my new Kindle, take it everywhere and can read books with any light.
If you want a dedicated device for reading books, the Kindle paperwhite is great. Battery lasts for weeks without a charge, screen is easy on the eyes,links to dictionary.com and wikipedia are so helpful!
I also have a Nook but a ton of glare. I can read my Kindle Paper White anywhere! Love it.
My parents had a Kindle Paperwhite they were sharing and loved it so much they wanted another one so they wouldn't have to take turns anymore. Unless you're looking for the full Android experience with the Fire or FireHD, this is the best Kindle model - the Voyager model doesn't add enough to justify it's higher cost. My tech-adverse mother absolutely adores her Paperwhite!
The paper white is versatile e reader easy to read in all light and has great battery life
Bought the kindle for my daughter and it's has been wonderful to help define words as she is going. It is also nicely compact for easy travel from place to place.
I owned the last generation of Kindle and I can say that this is a very nice update. The screen is better, backlighting removes the need for a book light and the reading experience is very delightful! I would recommend this to anyone that wants the best eReader in the Market!
Absolutely love it. Its small and you can read outside with it. It's a great buy.
i love to use it, i read several books in my beautiful kindle
Always read paperback books so I didn't know if I would like this but I do alot
Have another ereader but wasn't able to read it outside. This is much easier to read outside. It has lived up to expectations.
The screen is great and doesn't strain your eyes at all, and page transitions are smooth. Easy to buy books from amazon (either on the device or a computer) and get them on the kindle instantly.
I initially bought the paperwhite for myself, but gave it to my husband. I had read about the voyager, and they said it wasn't necessarily worth updating from the paperwhite, but if you were buying your first, go for it. It's a bit thinner and lighter, supposedly has a bit better font (don't know about that).
My wife and I both love our Kindles, easy to use and easy on the eyes. Much better than reading on a normal tablet.
Kindle Paprrwjite is the best e-reader out there. Go for it!
Both the Nook and Kindle are. Easy on the eyes but the Kindle is able to get books from many sources"
Perfect for reading in all conditions with great battery life
We have iPads and a surface, but my wife wanted something to read on. This fit the ticket perfectly. We haven't had any problems with it in the first 90 days. Everything works great.
The kindle was a gift and they are very happy with it. Purchasing it was a simple process.
If you travel, this is a great accessory to have and use. I like the light, compact size and screen resolution. Works great outdoors as well as indoors. Will hold many books.
The screen is beautiful, great for daylight or night. Very soothing in eyes. Kindle has a huge collection of books. If you love books, you will love kindle
Kindle Paperwhite strikes a nice balance between features and price. Amazon offers the best store for eBooks period. If you are looking to bring your reading hobby to the 21st century, you cannot go wrong.
I can't live without the kindle paper white. It changed my reading habit. And the kindle getting better and better. Highly recommended.
I own tablets, have a surface pro 4, and have a smart phone. I have the kindle app on all these devices and it works great. This issue with them though is that they aren't always that convenient to carry around. Or, if they are, the battery will tend to die. The paperwhite fixes both of these issues. It's very light and feels great in your hands. The screen is amazing and I never have any kind of issues with being unable to see it due to sunlight, a dark room, etc. But probably most amazing of all is the battery life. It's been 2.5 weeks since I bought my kindle and fully charged it... I just now finally went a little below half battery life. I use mine to read books and graphic novels. Both look fantastic on the device.
backlit screen is excellent for reading in bed. Paper white is excellent for reading in sun. Very compact. Super simple to use.
The kindle paper white is a great size and weight. I live in New York so while I'm on the train and can't sit down to read, this kindle offers convenience because you can comfortably hold it in one hand. I was against e-readers at first but after this purchase I definitely appreciate them.
The kindle is easy on the eyes to read. The light doesn't make the screen look like a computer screen which I was worried about. Simple and easy to use.
Works great and holds a charge forever. Looks as if I'm actually reading from paper.
This is 3rd Amazon reader I bought, plus several Fire sticks and Fire TV. All those devices are making my life nicer and helping to enjoy it. The reader is just great - a lot of flexible settings, support of many electronic book formats, possibility to read even in dark - what else do you need?
Great, light, simple to use, worth the money, battery lasts for long time
Awesome product for reason on the go! And great quality doesn't hurt my eyes and I can see it clearly day or night!
I have had a kindle for a long time. I chose to upgrade to the Paperwhite. I am very happy with my decision
Holds a charge with regular use for well over a week. Backlighting is wonderful. Easy to hold and use with one hand. Nothing is better! Take that iPad
Love this device. No glare, lightweight, and portable. Make sure to get a case, the outside bezel tends to scratch rather easily.
The screen is very pleasant to read with. Overall would recommend it.
I love my Kindle Paperwhite. It was easy to set up and I have absolutely no complaints. I reviewed different e-readers and decided on the paperweight because I could read it outside with no issues. I have tested it in the bright sun light and had no problem with any glare. Even with the sun shining directly on it.
Very pleasing to eyes to read. Owned the previous paper white and this one has a better DPI (resolution). Got a great deal.
I love the new kindle. The backlight is fantastic.
The Kindle Paperwhite is user friendly, light and easy to hold. I would highly recommend this electronic reader to anyone.
Love it. I like being able to read when the lights are off.
Good size with very good weight. You will love the gentle backlight if u read in a dark area. Best buy was one that had it as same price as Amazon. Just excellent!
Gave this as a gift to someone who didn't think they'd want one, with in a week they were in love with it. Easy setup to use with your library card.
quick shipping great price..... great product..... all great... very happy with the kindle....
I was previously using a first gen Nook e-reader. This is crisper, faster, and MUCH better battery life. Plus it goes on sale every once in awhile.
I have the Kindle Paperwhite from 2013 and my fiance just got the 2015 version. It's great to see added features without a change in price!
The Paperwhite is my second Kindle. The back lighting and the ease of operation are big enjoyments and differences from my last (old) Kindle. The smaller size took a little getting used to, but, now it seems very comfortable. Very easy to personalize as well.
The Kindle Paperwhite reader is great for reading in the dark. Its very light and easy to maneuver the pages. I haven't tried reading it outdoors yet but when summer time comes I'll be using it alot.
We love it have had no issues stays charged long...
I have had a previous kindle before and so I already knew what to expect getting. Text is clear and the back lighting makes it crisper depending on the lighting of the room you are reading in. In the dark if I put the backlight on it is possible to read but personally it hurts my eyes. So I bought a separate LED clip on book light. I use Amazon all the time so it's the company I prefer to buy ebooks from.
I much prefer this over "multi-purpose" tablets. The screen is incredibly easy on the eyes. I can read it in bright light as well as in a dark room. It's easy to hold with one hand, plus the UI is very easy to navigate. I love the ability to highlight, make notes, and look up definitions.Did I mention that the charge lasts weeks? After reading one book (about 220 pages in print), I still had plenty of charge left.
Easy to use, easy to read the screen, light weight.
Great for reading books.Screen easy to read with no glare.
I started with the original kindle- loved it but light was bright on the cover for night reading. Then got the fire as a gift and love that but reads more like on a tablet.. Broke down and bought the latest paperweight to read at night- great light to dim for night reading. Very light too!
The backlighting is great and it's much easier to read and turn the pages from the original Kindle. Highly recommended.
My eyes feel good with paperwhite when lights out.
I've been using kindles for many years and have tried every model out there. For my purposes, the Paperwhite is the best. I have a very wide range of interests in my reading and the ease that the Paperwhite offers in creating folders to make accessing books is truly remarkable. It is so easy to switch from alphabetizing by author, date of purchase, or title of book. My eyes give me trouble on some days so I really like how easy it is to change font size and background lighting, Since purchasing the Paperwhite, I have delegated my Fire almost exclusively to the role of playing games. Almost all of my reading is done on the Paperwhite. (this purchase was actually a second Paperwhite that I use as a secondary kindle which I keep next to my bed for easy access for nighttime reading. Even though the Paperwhite is so light, having one in each of the places where I read the most is very convenient.
I love this device more then I thought I would. It's slim and lightweight. Fits very nicely into my small purse. The resolution is great. I really like the built in light. I do miss the built in keyboard I had on my previous Kindle but I'm OK with that. It does not have the speaker either but I never used them to begin with. The key things for me were the price, resolution, font and built in light. This device met all my requirements. Additionally, I purchase all my electronics from Best Buy and have loved the service I have received each and every time. They have truly earned my continued loyalty.
Whether you're a bookworm or a casual reader, the Kindle Paperwhite is a great way to read and discover new and interesting books. Admittedly, I only read infrequently since purchasing my Kindle. I absolutely love the size and abilities of the Kindle and have been reading 4-5 books per month since purchasing it. Highly recommended!
Perfect size, not to small or not to big. The built in light really helps. Great reader if just reading you are looking for.
What I really like about the Kindle Paperwhite is being able to read in full sunlight/ambient light, and also the sole dedication to reading. I'm not tempted in the middle of a book to jump over to Twitter, Facebook, etc.
My wife loves the fact that it feels like a book to her. From the weight of the reader to the brightness of the screen, it reminds her of reading a paper book. My wife is happy with the product so I gave it a 5.
Bought this e reader for my son who loves it. After being on computers all day it is great to be able to relax and read on the flat paperwhite screen. Wi-Fi great so you can download book almost anywhere.Comfort of a real book with technology to assist with purchases. Best combination !
This is a great device. Easy to use. Long battery life and nice functionality
It's a great kindle for the price. Eyes don't get tired from reading it
I love this thing. I had one of the original ones before I got this one and I love that one. So when I got this it blew me away. So many new functions still so reliable. And now I can read in the dark. Amazing.
Love that I can read inside with the paper white. I replace my originalkindle with this.
Had been using a normal tablet to read for quite a while, but really do prefer e-ink to an LCD screen. Very light and small so makes it easy to travel with.
Really like it.took a while to get familiar with it,after using the Kindle keyboard unit.works beautifully and has lot of new features on it that I really like.
Wife uses it every day and says she loves it. Very happy with the purchase.
I love my new Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite - Black. I would highly recommend it.
Finally decided to upgrade from a Kindle 3 to the 2nd generation Kindle Paperwhite. Still hardly have to charge this thing and the back light is really nice for reading at night and is always the perfect brightness.
Love, love, love this! Compact, convenient, great lighting, lightweight.
I've had a few different Kindles since they were introduced and this is my favorite model by far. I love the way they lit - makes it much easier to read in the dark and outside versus reading on a tablet or a phone. The kindle lasts for months or a few books on one charge and is such a great way to have my books always with me on the go.
If you want a good e-reader Amazon has a number of options, but some of the newer ones are unexpectedly expensive. This one is great if you want to read any time but not break the bank.
I like the paperwhite as it was very easy to read while sitting on the beach in bright sunlight
Love my Kindle Paperwhite. Love that you can read it outdoors.
The kindle paper white is Lightweight, easy to use, works great outside, love reading at night with the built in lighted screen too! Love how you can adjust the size of the print so easily too!
I love this thing. I am a bit of a bibliophile and obsolutely love books. This isn't to replace books, but it makes stories more accessible. It's easy to use. Has great better life. It's perfect.
I love to read and I find by downloading books on my kindle is so easy. I love it.
Needless to say..Kindle Paperwhite is awesome product worth of millions as it holds invaluable books in 4GB space as well as in amazons cloud ... Its 6" anti-glare touch-screen display with 300 ppi resolution gives you a real feel of reading... its night mode gives the flexibility to read books in dark... Battery backup lasts for days....perfect for book lovers.. give it a try.. all the best..
Enjoy the kindle. Just the right size and easy to handle
this is the best e-reader, great quality, great price.
Just love it. Would not leave home with out it. Recommend to any read aholic.
This is wonderful, no more lugging books around and you always have something to read and you never have to worry about finding a book or it being backordered. Should have bought this years ago! Great for anybody that loves to read.
The Paperwhite is great upgrade from my old reader. Easy to read, easy to carry (important cause I travel a lot). Definitely worth the price.
An improvement upon the earlier versions, plus the newer, enhanced text. Makes for a great reading experience!
I bought this kindle on the way to the beach. I have an iPad but the glare is so bad. This has been great. I use it all the time outside.
I bought this kindle so I could read in the sun without having any glare. Great purchase, can read anywhere I want to.
I bought this product based on reviews, and it fits the description as a near-perfect, reasonably-priced, all-purpose Kindle reader. The screen's front-lit display allows me to read under all lighting conditions, from bright sunlight to dark, without eyestrain.I bought the Paperwhite as a supplemental reader for my Samsung tablet so that I could read outside. After several months of use, I'm finding that I do all my reading on the Paperwhite.I read several hours a day and the battery lasts four or five days under that usage, which is a great change from my tablet, which needed a recharge daily, usually at an inconvenient time.I recommend buying the companion leather case because the case puts the Paperwhite to sleep with the cover is closed, extending battery life.
This is my third Kindle. I have gifted my older ones to parents and friends as I have upgraded. This model has a great, easy to read screen, and the ability to keep a library worth of books with me during travels is great.
I have owned several e-readers. This is the best one I have ever had! You won't regret when you get it.
Great gift, easy to set up and very user friendly.
I love this kindle! I like the fact that it has a great feature that the background is lit up. Had the originial and this one tops it.
I can't say enough good about this product. It has LED's so the screen is backlit, and yet the battery still lasts for weeks! I've had mine for over a month and I still haven't had to charge it. The capacitive touch screen is perfectly responsive and fast too. It makes no sense at all to pay so much more for the voyage or oasis, when the paperwhite is such a fantastic buy.
My first kindle was not paperwhite so I wasn't able to read at nights. But now I can read it whenever I want.
With the backlight, I can read without turning the light. Also the paperwhite is really easy on the eye.
The Paperwhite was what I expected. It's easy to set up an account, and I can use it outdoors in the sun. Sadly, downloading library books is not as user friendly as I had hoped, but Amazon is in the business of selling books, not lending them.
solid build and battery can last for a month! even with backlid is on
I never thought I'd be an e-reader person, always preferred a paper book. I am dyslexic and decided to try out this Kindle at the recommendation of a friend. I LOVE IT! I've read more books since I bought it last month than I have in years! Reasons it is perfect for dyslexics: You can change the font size, line spacing, margins, and the actual font. The last reason is the best. Recently Amazon added the Open Dyslexic font to the font options and it's fabulous! The next best option I found is Helvetica. Another thing that I like about the Paperwhite is that it has a matte screen, not a LED one like most electronic devices. It eliminates eye strain and the "blue light" issues at night. I also love that our library has the ability to borrow e-books, which has helped me save money on the books.
Must have if you like to read on a tablet. Easy to carry and read.
I love my Kindle Paper White and the versatility of it. I can read it inside, at night in bed, or outside sitting in my swing with the sun shining brightly. It is very light and easy to hold. I also like the size of it and how it fits in my purse so I can take it with me wherever I go!
This was a replacement for a well used Kindle - wife like it even better than her first and uses it a lot
Great device. Easy to use and great in sunlight. Easy to add to library.
I love my new Kindle Paperwhite. I can read with it inside or outside!!
Perfect size. Easy to read my favorite books on the go
Awesome battery life and readability in bright sunlight. Screen size and weight is just right to hold it in one hand.
I bought this new paperwhite after using the regular kindle for a long time. I am amazed by the light weight and the ease of use. The battery makes a huge difference as well. Love it!!!!
Best E reader i have owned yet. Definitely worth the money
I bought the kindle paperwhite for my aunt's birthday. She has difficulty reader paper books due to eye problems. Having the back light and ability to make the print larger really has helped her be able to enjoy reading again!!
I am in love with my Kindle. It has everything I was looking for and more. It is extremely easy to use and small enough to carry it with me in my bag.
I love the Kindle Paperwhite. I have a Kindle reader without paperwhite and love it. A friend has the paperwhite and recommended it. I purchased it before a trip to the beach and love it. I could read my other Kindle in the sun but not in low light. The paperwhite is great in both situations. I would highly recommend this product.
Works great. Easy to use and small enough for travel. The only complaint is my first one would not charge after 2 yrs of use.
Paperwhite is everything I had hoped for. Easy to use and perfect screen clarity, regardless of lighting conditions.
I purchased my first Kindle in 2011 and was using it up until it was stolen in May. I recently purchased a new Kindle and I like it for reading on my porch.
This Paperwhite (back-lit) Kindle is wonderful. No more Itty-bitty book light needed! Just turn on and read, even at night. And there is no glow during the daylight. In addition, I took it to the beach and read it there..no glare unlike the iPad. I had one of the early Kindles, so maneurving around the menu is different but easy to learn and get use to.
I use it for reading at night in my room, the light makes it great.
The PaperWhite is a great reader. Nice to read in the sun! Nice to read indoors. Very happy.
I'm very happy with the Kindle Paperwhite (2015 model). I didn't like reading e-books on "typical" tablet screens, which are much better for movies and games. The screen on the Kindle Paperwhite, however, is built exclusively for reading, and in that regard, it really excels. Text is sharp and easy to read in any lighting condition, from darkness to bright sunlight. Additionally, the device is lightweight, easy to carry, and fairly durable.
Great way to kill time at the pool waiting for your tan to cook. Is easy to read in the brightest sun. Would like to have better search engine for new titles.
I am very happy with the paperwhite. All I wanted to do was load books and magazines on this. Lighting is great, readability is great. Features are mostly easy to use. I'm very happy with it.
Works exactly as advertised. I love it! Great battery life as well.
I love my Kindle eReader Paperwhite. I finally had to charge it almost 4 weeks after I got it and first charged. I love how long the battery lasts. I have no problem seeing screen and reading when outside in the sun. Only thing I wish it also had was an option to listen to audio on it if I wanted to. The size of the Paperwhite is perfect and the weight is minimal.
My daughter loves this Kindle. It is so easy to upload new books and doesn't hurt your eyes while reading.
It is so easy to read on the Kindle. It works inside or outside. How did I ever make it without my Kindle?
I bought this for my wife, she is so happy with it. She spends hours reading her books. So much easier reading with the Paper White.
Third one I've had. Love reading on it. Can read in bright sun or dark. Other 2 lasted about 3 years. Only wish they lasted longer without freezing up. Can carry many books either from public library, kindle app, bookbub, or other sources. Free books abound.
I had one of the first Kindles that came out and really liked it. It was stolen so that gave me the opportunity to get the newest version, the Paperwhite. I really like this one more than the other one since now I do not have to keep a light on and still be able to read.
Love the resolution at night.. Very sharp and clear. A must have one
Great for daily use no matter where you are. Huge fan of this product!!
This ereader is very responsive. It's the best reading experience besides having a physical book. I would definitely recommend.
It's great the size is perfect to fit into almost any small purse And weight nothing
I bought this kindle paperwhite for my wife, she has a kindle and she likes to read at night, this paperwhite has a light so you can read anytime. She really loves it.
This paperwhite has a sharp display (300 ppi) and adjustable brightness levels. It is extremely easy to hold when reading. Included in the box was the Paperwhite device, a USB cord, and quick start guide. No power adapter was supplied but I use the one for my cellphone and it works fine. One charge holds me for about 3-4 weeks.The ads are not as intrusive as I thought they would be however I am displeased with the quality of the "special offers." I have found better offers just by searching the web.Also you cannot listen to audible books on this device. It is reading only but that doesn't bother me.Overall this is an excellent device. Since purchasing this I have quadrupled the number of books that I read in a month's time. I highly recommend it to any avid reader.
I am going on a 30 day cruise and didn't want to haul a lot of books. This is the perfect choice. The text is very clear. Highly recommend.
Purchased the Kindle Paperwhite, prior to an international trip. It was well worth the investment! I created my own book cover (black), since one was not available (orange ... I don't think so) from the store at the time of purchase.
Kindle paperwhites are amazing. They are so simple and non distracting. They are very pleasing to the eyes and not having to recharge it every night is great. Can't wait to take it on vacation and read in the sunshine without getting a headache from the reflection of my tablet.
We purchased 2 of these for our children. They find them easy to use
The experience of reading on this device is not the same, you should try. Quality is awesome and light adjustment as well.
I wanted one for quite a while, caught it in Dale and I am very pleased with it. The battery lasts longer than my kindle touch from several years being able to adjust the back ground light makes reading enjoyable in low light. Glad I bought it
The Kindle Paperwhite does one thing and does it incredibly well. It's a great way to read books. The screen is wonderful in bright light and the backlight's great for reading in bed without disturbing your partner. If you're a reader, this is a no-brainer.
This is the best ereader I've ever owned. Very responsive and lightweight.
I'm a big reader and love to read on the go! This makes it possible. It's light, and super portable and goes everywhere with me.
I have for decades an advocate for hardback books. Over time my biggest concern now is space. The Kindle device is perfect for travel, long wait lines and for pure volume of collections. Unfortunately in todays fast paced electronic age there is not a lot of room for hardback books. Kindle has solved that problem.
The screen is absolutely amazing on the eyes. I can read for long stretches of time without any eye strain and the battery lasts forever.
If you like to read, this is an excellent choice. Battery life is weeks even with the backlight in use. Contrast is great both inside and in direct sunlight. Most municipal libraries have loads of free books in the kindle format so the device effectively pays for itself in short order.
This was just the right size for travel and there is no glare. I especially like the dictionary feature.
I got the kindle so that I could read books outdoors. Tablet has a glare and can't see screen. This is perfect. Easy set up easy to sync.
I like the ease of operation of this Kindle. Easy to read, easy to adjust, easy to obtain books quickly, Good place to store a library that you can take any place.
Works great even outside easy to learn how to download and settings
I love it. It is the fourth or fifth Kindle I have purchased....first paperwhite.
It is very easy to read, no glare at all, easy to get up and going.
Easy to view in all light levels. Easy interface and loading of books is fast.
We were hesitant to buy an electronic reader, but started to accumulate so many books we ran out of space to store or give away.So happy to have the KINDLE and can share on iPad so often we are reading and discussing the same book! Love it!
It was very easy to download and read the books in the tablet
Awesome battery, does every thing I need it to. I love it.
I don't consider myself a "heavy" reader (I read a couple books every few months), but I love my new Kindle. It's lighter than some of my books, which is great, but the best thing is that I can read at night in bed without disturbing my wife.The e-ink display allows you to also read outside in direct sunlight, perfect for the upcoming summer months. It's relaxing to just go out to a local park, sit under a tree, and read your new book.If I had to find a fault with this Kindle, it would be the ads. You're already paying a decent amount for an e-reader, then if you don't want ads on the lock screen, you have to pay Amazon more money. They don't really bother me, so it's not worth taking away a star. They might bug you though, so just keep that in the back of your mind before buying this that you will have to pay Amazon $20 to have them removed.
able to read many more books and very nice to handle
I'm usually not a bookie kind of person. But reads occasionally. With paper white I got more chance and choice to read. So it helped me to improve my reading habit. A very good investment or gift for anyone of any age
The night reading is perfect. This is a big improvement from the previous model.
The backlight feature was what I was looking for for reading in the dark. Highly recommended.
Loving it so far. Easy to use considering I'm not super tech savvy.
I've used one before and loved the size, weight and feel.
The Paper white replaces my original Kindle. I really like the new screen because it is easy on my eyes. Great improvement to an already great product. May purchase one for my wife.
With summer getting closer, I know that I'm going to be reading outside more often, and my tablet won't be a great choice with sun glare on the screen. An iPad or Nexus 9 may be more powerful than this Kindle, but what good is all that performance if I can't see the screen outside?It's great being able to go sit down at a local park, enjoy the sunshine, listen to the birds, and read a book on the Kindle. The e-ink display is fantastic, and really does look like paper, even in direct sunlight.
I own a a previous model of the kindle and like that. I thought it couldn't get any better. Them I found this its touch screen and it lights up. So you literally can read it anytime, in the light in the dark. I use it everyday.
Small lightweight reader, the paper white really does work, in any conditions
I don't use it myself, but it's my wife's favorite kindle ever. She loves the backlight. Easy on the eyes, but easy in the dark.
This is by far the best kindle to come out. Backlight is great!!
This device has met my expectations. I read the other reviews and just had to give it a try. The display is easy on the eyes, noticeably more so than a regular tablet. It's lightweight and fits easily in my purse. No complaints here. :)
I love my Kindle Paperwhite! It's easy to hold and and can store hundreds of books. The battery life can last weeks without charging. It's a must buy!
bought for mothers day.I got it because I saw it as one of the best books.She is so happy with the surprise
Device serves my intended purpose very well. Clear screen and easy maneuvering.
The higher DPI and built in backlight made this a fantastic upgrade from my previous Kindle Touch.
It was a great present for my grandma. It is very easy to use.
lightweight and easy to read indoor or outdoors no light to full light.
The product is very light, making it easy to read.
My wife wanted a backlight with her kindle, in addition to other features! Even if not on sale, this is a great buy for anyone who enjoys reading!
This kindle is great for reading in bright light, especially if you're on the beach. I recommend getting a case for it since it can scratch easily. Very lightweight and easy to carry. Price wasn't too bad either since it was on sale.
exactly what we were looking for, backlit display is awesome for reading in bed.
I like it. it's better to read books online even I owned iPhone, iPad,and itc.
I already have one of these that I had bought for Christmas. I bought this one for my grandmother because she loves to read just as much, if not more, than I do! She LOVES it! And the user interface is super easy to use so she has no trouble at all working it! She tells me all the time its the best gift she has ever gotten! If you are thinking about buying one DO IT! Its worth every penny and more!
Kindle is easy to read. Really really like this kindle.
This is my second Kindle Paper White, so I'm very familiar with this products.
Had a kindle fire before. Glad I switched. Easy to use and I love being able to read outside in the sun. Battery life is excellent!
My sales person was excellent. She knew the product and was able to answer all of my questions. I bought a kindle paperwhite. I had the geek squad to synk it to my laptop. "I love those guys"
While I have used an ipad in the past, this is hands down a huge improvement in the ability to read books. The backlighting and type font are great and it is extremely easy to download books.
It's great. I read it every day. The text is clear and easy to read. The battery life is nice.
Great battery life and read. I especially like its weight and how easy it is on the eye.
Bought his for the lady because she kept getting distracted when trying to read things on the iPad. Plus the lighting on the iPad is a bit harsh when reading at night. This was the perfect answer to both of those things.
Awesome ereader for anyone looking for convince of paperless books. The ability to adjust the backlight is awesome!
This is my third eReader in past 7 years . And Kindle paper white is my favorite . Enjoyable and clear reading no matter what the llight is even in bright beach sun or subdued night time reading . Touch screen page turning and menus are a delight . Access to Kindle store for book downloads and plenty of storage for many books are just some of the great features .
Purchased this for my wife so she can read in bed at night without disturbing me while I try to sleep. Because of its design, it is more like a book with adjustable lighting, fonts and shadings. She absolutely loves it!
I love to read and this Kindle Paperwhite is great. And being a Bookbub member. I get free books automatically loaded to my Kindle. And borrowing books from the library is eady and trouble free.
Bought as a birthday present for my GF. She uses it daily, and loves it.Easy to use, and convenient for those who are afraid to go full touch screen(they prefer buttons).
This is the best overall value among all Kindle readers. The built-in light feature is must-have.
I love the backllit design! I can now read ANYWHERE!
We are very happy with this Kindle. Easy to use, user friendly. We like everything about it, it's exactly what we wanted.
I'm very glad having this with me. In my country there are lots of books in Spanish that I'm not able to get. So this was perfect solution.It's incredible how similar to paper is. Battery super long!
I love this product. It is exactly what I was hoping it would be.
I bought this one for my wife for Mother's Day and she just loves it. I have had the same for a couple of years and always enjoyed it, and she was borrowing it all the time to read out in the backyard. Now I solved the problem by buying her one of her own. We're both happy.
I'm so glad I made this purchase. My Kindle is exactly what ive been looking for in an e-reader. Plus it's the perfect fit for my purse so I'm never without my favorite book.
The device is easy to navigate, easy to download books.
It is as amazing as I expected. Reading with a kindle is just reading a book!
This is my first e-reader ever and it's AMAZING. the text is so crisp there is not a pixel to be seen. The device is fast, and I haven't seen any problems in my last 1-2 months of owning it. Battery life is decent - I use the backlight a lot so it doesn't last as long as it would without - but it's still great. I love how you can borrow ebooks from Overdrive and download them on your kindle, easy peasy. Kindle Unlimited offers a good selection of free books for a monthly fee, and there is a 30-day free trial. Overall an AMAZING e-reader. Skip the cheaper version without the backlight - you're gonna need it.
This reader is perfect for my needs. It is light weight and very easy to hold. Books are easily downloaded and sync with my iPad and iPhone. I would recommend purchasing a cover.
The battery life had been incredible. Fits in my wife's hands comfortably. She can't wait to get her next book.
I bought this tablet for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves it! He reads pdf's from work on this tablet and can easily study with it. He says it doesn't hurt his eyes and I couldn't have purchased a better gift for him. If you're thinking about it, go for it and get it! I got a pretty good deal on it, $100!!
Works great love it! Bought for a gift. They really like it.
It is great to read books on the go! Easy to use, and easy to add pdf's and other files you may want on there!
Like the size and ease of use. Holds charge. Easy to download books. Easy to read.
I am very happy with my purchase I can read books on the go I don't like having to carry a lot of luggage so the compact myth of this product makes it personal for traveling on planes and trains
This is a wonderful device and I would recommend this to anyone.
It was purchased for me as a gift and I love it!!!
Great for reading at nightLight is perfect on the screen
Kindle is more fun than a spindle. Your reading time will never dwindle.
This is a great reader indoor or out no light to full light.In landscape mode it fits my small hands just great.Battery life is excellent also.I would recommend getting a soft cover to protect the book in transport.
This was a gift for my girlfriend, she loves the paperwhite. Screen is great and the 300 PPI is very sharp. Highly suggested.
The paper white had excellent lighting regardless of the light in the room. Great long battery life as well.
I bought this to use outside by the pool. Perfect.
To be clear, this is not a tablet. It's a reader... Just a reader. But it's a great reader. Very tactile.
Works great if all you want to do is read and not be distracted by internet.
Bought for grandkids learning to read. Have found lots of kids books. They love them
My daughter loves this device. She loves to read and doesn't like kindles because she loves the feel of the book in her hand. But, this product offers her unlimited reading at a very inexpensive cost. And, it travels anywhere, is light, and just fantastic for her.
I travel with this device everywhere! I love having access to my entire library on a simple to use device. The paper white screen is easy on the eyes and battery power!
I had a previous model, one with buttons around the case, not the screen itself. The screen on the one I purchased is brighter, slightly clearer, and the touch screen is far easier to navigate. Well worth purchase price if you want to read without the bulk of a book. Different fonts and word spacing is great, something that will never be available on book. I gave the nook a try but did not like it, the back light was terrible.
I bought myself a Kindle at Best Buy and loved it so much that I decided to buy one for my daughter. Great place to buy any electronics. Staff is knowledgeable, helpful and pleasant. I buy all me electronics at Best Buy. They have good deals and price matching.
Bought this as a gift for someone skeptical to reading on a kindle, and they have really enjoyed it. Paperwhite makes it easy on the eyes and the opportunities for new reading material through Bookbub.com are a great match. Wasn't aware that it had the regular ads on the screensaver, but reluctantly paid the $20 to remove.
Bought this Kindle for my teenage daughter and she absolutely loves it! She is able to read outside in the sunshine and at night in the dark. Very easy to navigate.
great for simple use of only reading. and able to read in the sunshine.
My Amazon Kindle Paperwhite B00OQVZDJM, which features a 6 300 ppi Carta ePaper antiglare touch screen with optimized fonts. The built-in backlight makes it simple to read at night.
I have one of the first kindles and had to use a attached light if I read at night. This paperwhite is perfect for that as well as the perfect size. I absolutely love it!!
I've been a kindle app user for years. I am happy that I finally got the kindle paperwhite. Love it! Thanks Best Buy for price matching.
Kindle is just like a real paper book. It also save my book spaces and easy to organize.
I love this Kindle. Easy to read outside in the daylight. It is much lighter than my previous version. I just ordered a new case for it.
This is my second Kindle. It's small, easy to hold, and fits in my backpack when travelling. Now I can read in any kind of light.
Super easy to read in any light! So easy to download books!
I haven't had any trouble reading at the beach or the pool. It's easy to use and travels great!
Great experience! Purchased online, pickup in store
I love reading books this way. This is my 3rd Kindle. My first was the one with the keyboard, then I got a Kindle HD. I wanted to be able to read outdoors so I bought the Paperwhite. I love it.
Never thought I could give up a real book! The lightweight easy reading on the beach does it! I'm a believer
This kindle is perfect to have nearby at all times. It's simplicity keeps the reader engaged in just the reading material, without any other distractions. The lighting is perfect- does not irritate my eyes.
Excellent e-reader and great deal. Cover is perfect.
I loved this product. Its stylish and easy to use. this is for my wife
It's a good E-reader, and the service at Best Buy store was perfect.
Small, easy to read, great battery life. Lasts for days. Go buy this.
Great to have - love the back lit and font changes. It's perfect for travel and reading in bed - so light weight.
easy to read has good read on it battery lasts able to load many more books
I love reading!!! I was first using my iPad mini as an ereader. Originally it was purchased to be used strictly as an ereader but I found over time it was causing eye strain. I couldn't read for more that 2 hours without my eyes starting to hurt. After a little research and watching tons of Youtube videos I purchased my Paperwhite. I absolutely enjoy my kindle. It's light weight (my iPad weighs a ton), it's easy to download and access books, you can read on tons of platforms. I have been using an app called "Overdrive" to check out ebooks from the library. Now I don't have to get in my card and drive to my local library. I can just browse from my home via my smart phone. If you enjoy reading and your thinking about getting a kindle please do! It's the best purchase I've made in a long time! I was limited when I was using my iPad mini. Now it's like a whole new world has open up since I've started using my kindle. I have read several books by Stephen King since owning my kindle. Normally it would take me months to finish a book. Now it takes me days!
I used to have a paperwhite-style Nook, but when it needed replacing, they no longer offered the device. Unfortunately, the newer Nook's screen would turn black and practically unreadable in the sunlight. So I got the Kindle. SOO happy! The screen is wonderfully readable, even in bright sunlight, and is capable of being back-lit for night-time reading as well. Best of both worlds ~ Especially since I seem to take reading material with me everywhere I go!
With the advent of technology, picking up and reading a normal book feels cumbersome. This device perfectly replicates real-life ink whilst providing an unobtrusive backlight and enhancing the books with extra information, dictionaries, and wikis.
This is a great product and for the cost, it exceeded my expectations! I would recommend this to anyone wanting to carry their book collection all in one device.
i was a little concerned how small it was, but the size is perfect. the back lighting is great for when it is darker plus it works well in sun light as well. the touch page turn is easy.
Got it for Christmas. Have used it almost everyday. Liked it so much got one for my dad.
I found the Paper white Kindle so easy to get used to. I always preferred paper books and could never get used to reading on my iPad or iPad mini because of the weight of them. The Kindle is user friendly and light to hold. I love it!
It's great, I can't imagine life without it. I love the built in dictionary!
I love the kindle, it's great. I love that you don't have to carry a dictionary around, it's has one built in!
It took less than five minutes to set-up and start using my Kindle. Features are easy to use and it's holds a charge for an incredibly long time!
This is a great way to take a whole bunch of books on vacation without having to pack an extra bag for them. My wife and I put some on their for us too. And the reading surface is great, even in bright light.
So easy to read & defines words you are not familiar with.
The paperwhite allows you to read in any light, from the beach to a quiet night at home.
I have been using a kindle for many years. I love the ability to have all the books I am reading on one device.
Right Price, Works, Great, Best Buy has a great selection
Great for my grandchildren to keep up on the reading during the summer months It's so easy for the parents to actually monitor whether they do or do not do the reading.
I bought a kindle fire to read on as well as do other tasks but found that I really disliked reading on the fire. I decided to purchase the paperwhite and love it. In the month that I have owned it, I have already read several books. The screen is very comfortable on your eyes and lighting is never an issue. I highly recommend the paperwhite.
I put books on it and read them. That's pretty much it
This is a great reader for the constant traveler like my self
After struggling to read books for the last several years, my husband suggested getting an e-reader. I never wanted one, because I previously enjoyed the feel of a real book in my hands. He was pretty convincing, so I went online and researched a few different ones. I settled on this one, after reading so many great reviews. I wanted the Voyage initially, just because it had page turn buttons, but I opted to save some money, and the page turning with the touch screen is incredible, I don't think I'd use the buttons, even if I had them. I am already halfway through my first book, and I've had this less than 24 hours. I'm a very slow reader, so this is impressive! I tried it in the sun, and it was extremely easy to read- no glare. I also used it while working out today- it's very easy to adjust the font to make it easier to read. I am so in love with this, and am so happy we bought it! I am excited to get back into reading, and to have thousands of books at my fingertips!
I got this Kindle to replace an old Kindle and a lost Ipad that I was using to read my KIndle books on. T his Kindle with the back lit screen combines the best of both Ipad and kindle..back lit but no glare in the sun
I love the Kindle paperwhite reader. I chose the Kindle Amazon Paperwhite because I can read in the sun. We live at the beach and I like to read outside. It is so easy to use. So many books to choose from. Very easy download. Has a lot of great features. It is light weight and easy to take anywhere. Great Product.
I never used to read books, until I got my kindle I have read over 10 books in a few months
I have one of the very early versions of the Kindle and the Kindle Paper-White is so much more compact. That makes it really great for travel. I also love the self-recharging capability.
I had an older Kindle but always had to have a light to read at night. I love the Kindle Paper White...its fantastic!!
My wife treated me for my birthday, and I love it! Would highly recommend. Took a little while to get used to buying books on Amazon though. Overall excellent.
I am very happy with my purchase of the Kindle paper white. I wanted a device for reading at night that would allow me to turn the light off in the room. Works well is lightweight and really a joy to read on. Very limited and dissappointing selection of protective covers at Best Buy had to purchase elsewhere.
My wife loves this product. I never thought she would ever let go of paperback. But the ease of use and convenience when travel make this perfect for her because she loves read when we go to the beach.
I bought this because reading on my iPad started hurting my eyes. This is awesome. Love it!
I bought this item as a gift and I've heard great things about the paper white Kindle. I'm thinking about getting one myself!
Great size, easy to use, long-lasting battery, great for the beach and pool side with the anti glare screen. Even able to read at night with the adjustable backlighting.
This is a great product for someone who wants to switch from paper back books to electronic media. Great to read while outside or on the beach
I upgraded from a Nook Glowlight which I had dropped and cracked (the shaft of light emanating through the tiny crack was beginning to burn into my retina, so I figured it was time to upgrade). I really like the ease of this device - purchases download to it directly, and if you have existing files, you can email them directly to the kindle and it will format them accordingly. The definition on the paperwhite is really nice, and the backlight is gentle on your eyes (crucial if you are a late night reader like me). I have the "special offers" version, and it is not intrusive at all, just appears on your lock screen. Battery has been great so far.If you are an Amazon Prime member, they even throw you a free ebook each month. And yes, I bought a protective cover for it this time!
I was looking for a reader that was just a reader. I did not want a tablet. The Paperwhite is the perfect choice for me. It is very easy to use and has a clear reading surface. It is a great size and I can read outside, inside and in the dark. I read the reviews and then went to Best Buy to see it. It was everything the reviews said. Some said there is a gray area at the bottom of the screen but I did not find that. I highly recommend it.
I recently received a kindle paper white as a gift from my wife. I love it!
No complaints. Works great, even in the bright sun and at night!
Battery life is excellent. I like the backlight and found the screen easy to read, although it isn't quite as much like paper as some of the other reviews I read make it seem.
I love my Kindle, I bring it everywhere with me. Great for the price.
I have had a Kindle Fire for years, but find I can't read it very well in the bright sun. I bought my Kindle paper white for camping and it's perfect out in the direct sun, by the pool. It's also smaller and fits it the pocket of my pool bag easier. Now one stays home, and one stays in the camper.
My wife has an older paperwhite that still functions very well. We decided to get this one for my daughter because she's a book worm. It's worked great and she loves it.
Definitely my favorite e-reader that I have ever owned.
I purchased the paperwhite so that I could read in the middle of the night without disturbing my husband. It works like a charm, and helps me to fall back asleep faster. The different light settings are fantastic. I really love the dictionary look up feature too.
If all you want to do is read ebooks, then this is the device for you
love this newer kindle easier to read and brighter text
Lightweight, easy to,use, great battery life. Have increased my reading substantially since getting it. Love the matte background, adjustable text size, and back lighting. So much better than trying to read on an iPad.
Bought this specifically to take to the beach and it was perfect!! Light weight & portable!!
The kindle is lightweight, no glare and worth reading a good book on. They have a good product.
The Kindle Paperwhite give me the freedom to read where ever I go. Whether in sunlight for darkness, it is easy to read, and with the plethora of titles available, there is never a dull moment.
Love the new light feature added. since 1st generation
I really love the back light on the paperwhite. I upgraded from an old kindle keyboard with a lighted case - and I love having the backlight built in. I considered the Voyage, to get the page press feature, but am very happy with the touch screen.
I bought this for my husband, he loves his kindle. It is very easy to read outside in direct sunlight. We have had others in the past and could not see outside in the sun. He brings this to the beach and it is perfect.
Lightweight and handy to use. Nice one if you love reading and dont want to keep too many books in your bag :)
I bought this originally for my wife because she is always reading and was interested in a Kindle, though wasn't sure she could ever part with physical books. She loves it! Now with the Family Library option available we can all share our favorite books. I'm looking to buy one for myself and my teenage daughter this week, actually. Oh, and my wife has given up on physical books after this ;) She likes the backlight when reading in bed at night and the fact that it lasts for at least a week on a single charge.
perfect christmas gift for my mother in law. easy to use and great for reading anywhere. she loves it
It's comfortable to hold in my hands, the screen is pleasing to look at and doesn't cause eye strain, the backlight allows me to read at night without being blinded, graphics are crisp when I read a comic, and the long-lasting battery doesn't induce charge anxiety. Also, as a nice surprise, there are countless books, free to borrow via Kindle Unlimited, because I'm a Prime Student member.
I bought this to replace my failing Kindle 3 (Keyboard). I absolutely love it! The only con I have found is battery life with airplane mode off. It drains rather quickly with it off, turn airplane mode on and it's great!
I love the kindle. It is light weight and the back light is great. Easy to use and get book from the library or from Amazon.
You get to put all of your books right on this kindle and take it on the go with you. It's great just taking one item with lots of reading material on it instead of having to take all of your favorite books with you.
Lightweight, small size that travels easily. Great for reading. Email capable but rather clumsy. I bought because of the long battery life and not to drain phone & iPad as I travel. Great for this purpose!
awesome love how easy it is to read and use even when i amat the beach
This is my second Kindle Paperwhite I have bought at Best Buy. I wouldn't be without it and take it everywhere I go. The first one just wore out as I had it for several years. I have noticed new additions from the previous one which really helps.
When looking at kindles, I was debating between the paperwhite and the regular kindle that was a bit cheaper. So happy I spent the extra money for the paperwhite. Having the backlit screen has been such a life savor and great feature. I loved it while camping and is also nice when reading in bed because you don't need to have a light on waking up the other person. I absolutely love this version and recommend it 100%!!!!
I cringed at laying down paper to pick-up technology. However, it was the best thing I ever did. I have been very pleased with this reader.
This is my second Kindel. My first one was a Kindel fire. I liked it and I love to read so I thought I would give this one a try. I love this one more!!
The Kindle Paperwhite is great for reading anywhere, even at the beach! You can also read it in bed with the lights out so you don't disturb anyone else. I absolutely love it! I have a Kindle Fire, an iPad, and a Samsung Galaxy 4 and the Kindle Paperwhite is far better than any of those for reading!
Previously used Kindle app on phone and tablet to read kindle books. But the readability on the Kindle itself is much better. Less strain on eyes and more natural to read for extended time. Plus, the light weight and easy handle-ability is great!
Hard to find any gripes for this device. Serves its purpose brilliantly. The backlight is excellent, and the built in dictionary is great.
I love it. Long battery life, easy to use, perfect
Old kindle broke. I love the improvements of the paperwhite. It is all touch screen. The old was not.
Definitely easy to use, easy to download books, and navigate pages.
It is all but perfection. It's a library in the hand. Inside or out. It reads equally as beautiful in either environment. I only penalize it for its lack of allowing books, bought outside Amazon ecosystem, to be included in FreeTime. FreeTime is advertised as for kids but I like the idea of knowing how much time I've spent reading and the other offerings of FreeTime.
It's super easy to use and lightweight!! I love my new Kindle!
I don't like reading too many physical books because it's a bit bothersome to lug around the heavy volumes. Having everything in this device is great since it's E-Ink and lit
This is a great device is you are to read a lot of text.
I love having books at my finger tips, 24/7. In addition to accessibility, my kindle white increases my vocabulary by offering word wise.
This is my second Kindle Paperwhite. My first Kindle died (I believe it was old age as cause of death) and the next day I went out and purchased a replacement. So easy to set up and there were all my books. The Paperwhite is so easy on your eyes and love that you can adjust the font to any size that's comfortable. Can be used with dim lighting or no lighting at all. Great for reading in bed.
A great device for readers that don't want clutter. Easy on the eyes with an adjustable back light and no glare whatsoever outside, even in direct sunlight.
I absolutely love reading on the Kindle Paperwhite. It's great being able to sit outside and read and not worry about the glare. It's very lightweight and easy to hold in one hand.
Replaced my original Kindle (which I used to death!).........new one is even better......great quality for the price!
If I would have known how wonderful this was to read with I wouldn't have purchased and Ipad. I love this to read whenever, wherever. If you're a reader this is the best ereader.
I decided to get a Kindle because I was having issues reading on my backlit tablet. The screen lighting on the paper white doesn't have this issue. I also like the lack of distractions, I don't have e-mails or texts popping up while I'm trying to read.
This is an excellent value. This is easy to read, easy to use and performs like a champ. If you want an all around great reader but don't want to pay a high price, this is the one.
I love my new kindle. I bought one earlier this summer for myself and just recently for my ten year old. One function that is awesome is its ability to work with the audible application. I can read on my kindle then audible will pick up where I left off, so I can continue with the read during my commute. My kindle will then propose to move my place to where I left off in audible. It has made my commute very purposeful because I am able to read literature for work a lot more efficiently. This may have been one of the smartest purchases I have ever made for professional development!
This is perfect for reading in sunlight at the beach
Even with decreased vision, I can read this, and at night. The backlight is so helpful. Relatives who use this recommended it. Geek Squad were helpful in teaching me how to use it, since this is my first reader. Fits in my small purse and is so wonderful to have while waiting somewhere.
My Kindle is great! Easy to use, works great in the dark or sunlight.
My dear wife is a voracious reader and Paperwhite by Kindle is her reader of choice. She absolutely loves everything about it.We also recently became Prime members, and she is hoping there will be some great books to read at no additional charge!
I love this Kindle. It is a replacement for one which was almost 5 years old when the built-in light stopped working. I used it constantly, for hours every day, carried it in my purse all the time, and traveled with it. I will not be without a Kindle. Replacing it was a foregone conclusion but I still read the reviews, just in case. :)
We bought this as a gift for my 85 year old mother-in-law. She enjoys reading, but needed to magnify the text in order to read easily. The Kindle is simple enough for her to use and she is enjoying it.
Third Kinlde and my favorite as I can easily read in sunny conditions. Light weight, more compacy and battery life seems excellent.
Well, it happened. I became a huge fan of e-books, preferring them over an actual, physical book! This old fashioned woman with a preference for all that is vintage NEVER EVER thought that would happen; then came the Kindle Paperwhite. I think I have read close to 10 books this past month because of the Paperwhite! I can make the font larger (which is great for my old eyes), and it is lit from the side, so it does not make my eyes tired like typical LCD screens, where the light shoots up at your eyes. Because of this, you can read easily in bright sun or in total darkness. Also, the battery lasts a very long time; I usually have to charge it only after reading a full book. And an added bonus is that you can't get any apps on the Paperwhite, which sounds like a negative, but that means there is no distraction/temptation to surf the web instead of read. When you open it up, you are committed to reading. It is sooooo much better than my Nook, which makes my eyes tired and is a distraction.It is among the best purchases I have ever made!
Great to have my entire library with me and no I can read in bed with the backlight also.
I bought it for my son, who really loves to read. He is very happy with it. It has a nice design, screen is very comfortable to look at. And it's lightweight. Perfect for home use and travel.
Very easy to hold and read in the evening without hurting your eyes. Love it.
great size, easy to carry to take everywhere , good battery life
The best e-reader that I have ever used. I would recommend it!
The Paperwhite is an excellent product. It is very lightweight, easy to hold for long periods of time, and user-friendly (software wise). Be prepared to have a slower reaction time than a typical tablet (or Amazon Fire); this is because of the e-ink. However, I will take the trade off, as you are able to read e-ink in every environment (sunlight, dark rooms) without any eyestrain -- something that is not possible with a regular tablet. Screen response time is only slightly delayed because of this.If you have a Prime membership, you have access to all of Amazon's library, which has a large selection; however, most disappointingly, you can only rent one book per month unless you upgrade to Amazon's Kindle App, which is an additional $10/month. I find this to be mildly frustrating. However, you are able to rent books from your local library whenever you would like.Overall, I think the Paperwhite is a fabulous product for reading, with only a few drawbacks. I enjoy reading on it very much.
Really like reading a paper. My eyes feel good. I put many books inside and easy to read. Like it.
I've had a couple different Kindles & have also tried to read books on my iPad & phone. LOVE the Kindle Paperwhite. You can read it outside in the sun, by the pool, on your deck etc... & the print is always clear & visible. The battery stays charged for several days & it's small size makes it easy to carry in your purse or tote bag!
works very well, small but not too small, very lightweright and paperwhite is very very very readale
I am satisfied of this kindle upgrade mainly in resolution.
Love it. Bought this one for my husband. He loves it as much as I love mine.
I love that the directions are loaded on the Kindle, easy to bookmark information and are clear.
I take my paper white reader every where with me. It fit nicely in my purse. I read all the time, even in the car where the sun is shinning in on it. I just love my paper white and wish I had bought one sooner.
I bought it for my cousin and she loves it. Nice and simple.
With my love of turning paper pages in a book and not being a techie, I held off rushing into buying one of the many tablet readers available. I spent quite a bit of time reading reviews and talking to others before making my decision, and I am so glad I did my research. What I like most about the Kindle Paperwhite: the adjustable screen lighting is spot on and easy on my eyes, whether I am reading in dim room light or bright sunshine outside; the ease of syncing it with my computer and wifi; the speed of downloading a book; the ability to adjust the font size; the ability to bookmark and pick up from where I stopped reading; and the size and weight which makes it very portable. I opted for an envelop-style sleeve for storage rather than a cover you might use for an iPad or similar tablet. It's easy to slip the reader out of the sleeve and begin reading. I am thrilled with this device and give it two thumbs up. For me, there is no substitution for the feel of real paper, but this reader comes close.
New to Kindle. Always read a book in paperback or hardcover.User friendly. Will never go back to reading books on hardcover orpaperback... Extremely happy with the purchase.
I already have an ipad but never felt like it was made for reading so I checked this at the store and love how it made me feel. Feeling like reading a real book but you also have some features as it's an e-reader. Enjoy carrying it in backpack/purse, light weight with perfect small size.
This was my first e-reader and I was blown away. Great battery life, great screen. It's definitely worth it if you like reading.
This is the latest kindle model and is just awesome. Highly recommended
Yes, I use my Kindle to read books, but I especially like sending document Pdfs, such as my daily prayers, to my Kindle email account to be converted so I can view them on my Kindle. I also appreciate that it has built in lights and I can make the font larger - I don't need my eyeglasses! Perfect for my reading needs almost anywhere.
Love using this. So easy to download and find books, so easy to store, the battery life is amazing. It's like reading a book without the hassle of the space, being able to look up words while reading it amazing. The only thing I wish is that I had gotten one sooner!
I'd been using my phone as my e-reader but have wanted to get a stand-alone reader for a while. The screen on this is amazing and the light is a great addition. If you're on the fence- go for it.
This is an excellent product, and Bestbuy sold it with great condition.
Excellent improvement over my first kindle which was the original. Love the backlight for reading at night.
I started with the original kindle and it worked great but required good lighting. The paperwhite is so much nicer as you can use anywhere and in any type of light. Perfect!
So happy with this Kindle! It's very easy to use, lightweight so you can carry it in your bag like you would with a paper book, except here you have an entire library with you.It's easy to download books, you can set up a wish list, read several books at the same time and you never loose your page.The screen lights are fantastic when you read in the dark, and there's absolutely no glare when you read in the sun.The only drawback is that I thought I would be able to purchase books on any amazon site so that I could read books in French if they're not available on the U.S. site, and it turns out you can't. You can only purchase the ebooks from the country your Kindle is set up. That was a real disappointment, as I had read some reviews before buying it where they said you could...Overall, I absolutely love it and if you're a book worm like i am, than I would absolutely recommend it. I would actually recommend it to any one.
The screen is easy to read even on the beach and I love being able to download a new book at any time
Just what I needed. Works great inside or outside. Must have a cover to protect the screen.
I bought this for my aunt. She reads all the time. As she got older she hated carrying multiple books with her everyday and when she traveled. This Kindle solved all those problems. She especially likes being able to read magazines, periodicals, and check out library books electronically. She loves this thing!!
Best kindle ever!! Love that I can read at night without waking my husband. Buy one!
I love this for the sheer fact that I don't have to carry around all of the different books I am reading. Those books can get heavy! The syncing between reading and listening on Audible has really improved since I tried using it with the original Kindle Fire tablet.
I originally purchased this as a gift for my daughter and quickly decided that I needed one for myself as well.For the price, you can't find a better screen on an e-reader. And the compact size makes it easy to take along with you anywhere. If you are thinking about the cheaper one, it's definitely worth the upgrade.
The kindle is amazing and I love everything about it.
This is my 3rd Kindle e-reader and it's the best yet. Text is clear and device is light. Considered the newer Voyage and Oasis but I believe this is a better deal. It was worth the upgrade from the prior Paperwhite.
So far I have enjoyed my Kindle Paper White E reader.It is light weight, easy to read inside or outside.The battery life so far is fine.I had to order a case & charger directly from Amazon, could not find instore to fit
I bought the kindle at a very nice price and everything works well. I like it.
I purchased this product a few months ago and have been very pleased. It is a very user friendly and does exactly what it is supposed to do. It has a great battery life as well.
The most benefit of the kindle is it just could read, hence, i often use it and put my phone away. the white one is so beautiful!
Didn't know how much I would like this but after trying to read on my tablet outside I decided to give this a shot. Love it, I can read in the sunlight or at night no problem, and the battery life is great
This was my first Kindle, wonderful reading device.
Easy to figure out how to use. I'm loving always having something to read without having books piled everywhere!
I had an original Kindle DX and a Kindle keyboard. I decided to upgrade and get the Paperwhite and I'm glad I did. The light is great for reading where it isn't very bright. The e-ink is great for reading outdoors or anywhere. It's easier on the eyes than reading on my Ipad. I still read physical books too, but the Paperwhite is great for traveling and just tucking in my purse to take everywhere. I recommend it to anyone who likes to read.
I enjoy reading on my paper white Kindle. It is easy to learn how to use it. It fits nicely in my purse and is light weight. There are many font choices and you can make the print large.
Upgraded from the old Kindle with the keyboard, and wish I would've done it sooner. Beautiful screen, nice and light, perfect in every way. The best way to read a book.
First time I've purchased this and found it excellent
The Kindle Paperwhite has almost made my tablet obsolete. I read a lot and I was reading most of the books on a tablet. It was difficult to read outdoors even with a very good tablet. The Paperwhite is so easy to read anywhere in the the brightest of sunlight. I could not possibly put a higher recommendation on this product.
I really enjoy my kindle easy to download books and easy to read on the beach
This Kindle Paperwhite makes it so easy to read ebooks in several different file formats. I use it every day and am very satisfied with this purchase.
I love my Kindle Paperwhite. It is very easy to operate and it holds plenty of books. It is easy to travel with. I would recommend it to everyone
This kindle is a great product and very useful. It was reasonably priced.
the Kindle paperwhite is an amazing reader. the battery last for what seems like forever and the clarity of the screen is perfect. The product is also very thin and light, making it easy to take wherever.
I am glad that I bought the kindle paperwhite for my daughter. It is easy to use and is perfect for reading anywhere!!!
This kindle is the lightest one yet. Easy to operate and great to carry on planes.
Very good reader! Bought on sale, excellent value!
Not much new to be said. Beautiful screen, long battery life, great to own if you love to read.
This is the third Kindle I have purchased (not counting a Kindle Fire). I love the paper white. It is so easy on older eyes and the adjustable font size and brightness make reading a Kindle easier than a book . The screen is crystal clear whether in bright sunlight or in the dark. It is light weight which (like with older eyes) makes it easier for older hands to hold. I download a lot of library e books and can carry unlimited reading materials with me in a compact package. I would recommend this product to anyone who reads.
Had my first kindle (the original) for many years when I lost it. Love my new Kindle PaperWhite. Can read in the dark.
Our first Kindle finally gave up the ghost after many years of use. Love this new Paperwhite. The front lit screen is great as my old Kindle required a case with a light in order to read in the dark.
Have enjoyed using the touch screen to operate. The page light adjustment has been very useful, especially when reading in bed with my wife sleeping.
This is the most perfect e-reader. It is the perfect size. It also has flawless readability with adjustable back lighting. It's fluid and responsive and lightweight enough to be comfortable yet solid enough to feel sturdy and well made. The power consumption/battery life is also wonderful. It is perfect for readers. For those who do not read much, you will become a reader after buying one. This is concentrated non-distracting portable access to knowledge.
The best way to read a lot of e-books from any kind to a great price!!
My wife was getting frustrated that she couldn't see the screen on her Nook Samsung Tab 4 when she would be on the beach or out in the sun, both places she wants to read. After comparing reviews of the Kindle and the Nook Glowlight Plus, she chose the Kindle and has been quite happy with the decision. She gets most of her books from our library with Overdrive and has had no problem with downloading them from Amazon. The Kindle is light and holds and feels like a book. She added a cover off Amazon so it turns on and off when it is opened/closed. She likes being able to read out on our deck or in the sunroom just as easily as she does inside.
I bought this Kindle Paperwhite because my existing Kobo Vox e-reader could not be read in the sun, which I get a lot of in Naples, FL. Excellent e-reader!
The resolution and contrast are good. It is comfortable to read books on this device. the price is ok. I would say it is a good reading device .
I have been missing out on reading books. This kindle is perfect. My wonderful husband gave this to me for my birthday. What a wonderful surprise.
This newer kindle reader is great. It's lightweight, easy to hold and the battery last long. I will definitely recommend it to friends. The white color is especially classy looking.
This is a fantastic product for music. Love it and would recommend it.
I bought this Kindle primarily for traveling and quickly fell in love with it. I love the appearance and weight.
Loving the new paper white Kindle with its no glare screen. It really is like reading a real book. The font and variety of sizes is very helpful. Both my husband and I use it with no issues at all.
This is a great kindle and my son loves it! It took a little effort to set it up but that's it.
Told myself I wouldn't buy another e-reader until it was water-proof. I got this for Christmas and have loved everyday since. It's lighter than carrying most books and it's non-glare and also back lit.
Very good replacement for books. Small, lightweight, and easy to tote around with you. The paperwhite version has a sharper screen then the regular. Thank you Best Buy for a pleasant transaction.
Able to download books and read most anywhere, best invention since sliced bread according to my wife
This ereader is honestly the best that I could have bought for my first one. Now, I don't actually read often but wanted to buy something to help me read what I do have within my kindle account. I was stuck between getting this and the original kindle. Thankfully, I got this. Mostly because of the textured screen and backlighting. The backlight is what did it for me. I read reviews about the original kindle being hard to read in the dark, and that's when I would be reading the most. If I had seen how hard it really as to read, it would have gone back immediately.The weight is a little heavy for constant reading but nothing to really complain about. The battery life could supposedly last 8 weeks. But, apparently I am a bookworm. I have to charge it every other day with max settings.One thing I am thrilled the most about is the easy of accessing a dictionary or encyclopedia, the notes, and the highlighting. It tells you when others have highlighted other sections of a book I am reading as well. Im not sure if this is in general a feature of the kindle products, but it is extremely useful.Overall , I think this is a great ereader for beginners and bookworms.
light , love the backlight., able to change font size.
Easy to use and great for downloading books from the library.
The resolution is great and the battery life is amazing.
I like the Kindle Paperwhite because the backlighting makes it easier to read than the first one.
I bought this kindle paperwhite especially for reading on the beach and have tried it in bright sun and it is amazing
Confortable...easy to use.Works great with any light.
love the battery life, the ability to read in sunlight
This is just what this avid reader needed!! Now I can read everywhere.. even in bright sun light!
It is very convenient while working out, traveling and stuff. The mic is at the right location and it is good to answer calls as well. I have connected it to my iPhone and use it to listen to music and take calls. The best part is even if you don't want to plug it in your ears, you can leave it hanging around your neck!
The kindle white is an excellent ereader which is lightweight. It allows you to hold with one hand with no problem. Additionally there is enough room on the sides to hold with two hands without making pages constantly turn.
I love my new Kindle Paperwhite! Love the lighted pages and the ability to change print sizes.
I had an original version of these 5 years ago. I never used it then but have been reading more lately. I figured it was cheap enough lets give it a go- it has been amazing. I live in Hawaii so I bring it to the beach and read constantly. The back light it perfect for night reading. The only weird thing about this is that it saves all of your highlighted areas in one document, but it gives the full citation for each underlined part, which makes it extremely useful (if you read different books, but unnecessarily tedious. But either way, great feature.
Have had this fine unit now for about six weeks having previously owned three other ereaders over the decade. So far it is exceptional from the others for the following reasons:1. battery life2. text clarity3. back lighting to read in limited light circumstances4. price - on sale for $1005. ease of highlighting and saving such highlights to a notes document6. light weightBelieve this reader is not able to withstand harsh handling and would recommend a sturdy cover ($8) and the care one might give something fragile as well as having importance to oneself.
Really like my Kindle Paperwhite. Very nice feel, responsive, intuitive menus, and easy to read.
Very lightweight! Just as nice as the next one up that you can only buy online. Would recommend this to all my friends and family,
The Kindle Paperwhite is awesome. It is much easier on your eyes than an iPad or even the Kindle Fire. I read more because it doesn't cause eye strain and I'm not distracted to look at emails or the internet. If you like to read magazines, books and newspapers this is the device to have. There is no better e-reader.
This new paperwhite was purchased to replace an older 2nd Gen Kindle. This one is bright, easy to read and small.
Love this Kindle. Worth the extra little bit to have the backlight. Very easy to use and worth every penny!
This replaced a paper white that was several years old and acting up. I love the paper whites because I can read them anytime anywhere.
kindle Paperwhite is easy to use, lightweight, and perfect for the avid reader. It easily allows you to take book(s) with you wherever you go since it's so small, thin, and light. The battery lasts for SO long, it's easy to find where you left off by using bookmark, definitions are a press away, easy to read in the dark (a book-light is not necessary!), and stores an enormous amount of books on one device.
This is my first eReader, and it does not disappoint. It's comfortable to hold and it's easy on the eyes for extended reading. The adjustable controls for lighting work great. The only negative for me is that the eBooks my library system uses are not compatible with it. If this is an issue check first.
I bought this for a friend. I have the 2013 version and I love it. Great gift for avid readers and those just looking for something light to hold. The Backlighting makes it wonderful for reading in the middle of the night. :)
Excellent product, fast shipping, for electronics bestbuy is number one.
Easy to use and books transferred without issue nice screen
I have a Kindle Voyage and wanted another reader because I read a lot. I decided for the Paperwhite as it's just a tiny bit heavier than the Voyage but just as good. I highly recommended it.
Have tried using an iPad and other devices for reading, I was worried this would not work for my needs. Light as a book, even lighter, I don't mind laying in bed or reclining on the couch to read anymore. Good for reading heavier books that would cause arm strain to hold while reading. Bright at night enough to read with the lights off but not bright enough to bother my wife who is sleeping
I purchased this Kindle to replace my original Kindle that is of the same format. I don't believe it was called Paperwhite, but its the one without the keyboard at the bottom. It has been a great Kindle, however, I've always been disappointed that it did not have a back light. Now that I have a back light, I have no idea how I managed before. Even reading before bed with the lamp next to the bed on, the back light makes a big difference. The extra resolution is nice, but not really a huge thing when you're talking about text on the screen. The battery life is definitely reduced when running the back light, however, not to the point where I have to charge every night. I'll still likely get several weeks of battery life before needing to recharge. Overall, if you're looking to upgrade, this is the Kindle to get. The back light is a huge upgrade for me. It helps reduce my eye strain which is important to me.
I got this for my wife and she loves it. Screen is easy to read indoors and out.
It's 2017 and I was wondering to myself if I should jump on board and get a Kindle paper white. Now and days, people can read ebooks from smartphones to tablets. The thing with me is it caused me eye strain after trying to read my kindle books through my iPad. After much researching and reading the reviews on here, the paper white has been the best purchase decision I've made in order to just sit back and read without causing eye strain. This is only for reading ebooks and is very simple to use. Battery life is amazing and only charge once every two weeks. If you are just looking for a plain ereader, then this gem is your best bet.
I bought this to replace a Kindle Fire for my mother. She is losing her short-term memory and kept getting lost on the Fire. This is much easier for her to use. I have owned one myself for several years and I love its ease of use and the self-lit screen. The Paperwhite is a well made device and I recommend it to everyone.
This was the perfect gift to my wife when she felt she needs to start reading now
I bought it almost a month ago and I've no complaints so far with it. It's a nice little ereader that does its job.
Light weight, easy to use and stays charged much longer than my previous one. Paper white is easier to read in low light too.
It is fun to read with the dictionary and footnote at your finger tip. The key benefits is the easy reading with the background light, would not drain your eye after hours of reading. Ordering books from Amazon is easy and cheaper than buying the hard copy. Love it!
Love the battery life & back light makes it easy to read in any setting
Perfect for reading in sunny conditions, eliminates the storage need for books in the house
the kindle is awesome it holds so many books. I can check out books from the library while sitting on my couch. I take it with me everywhere when ever there is time I read.
The Paperwhite is a terrific e-reader. The text is clear, the backlighting easy on the highs, and if course has a huge selection of books.
Excellent e-reader. Works well day or night. New built in web browser works.
My wife and I have been trying to decide between the Paperwhite and the new Nook for a while. After checking each out, the Paperwhite was definitely a clear winner. Amazon support + unique features = a newfound interest in reading!
I researched different readers before deciding on the Kindle. I figured I may as well get something that will benefit from my Amazon Prime membership. I am soooo happy I did, I have done more reading since my purchase than I have done in over a year. Highly recommend!!!
Bought 2 for family. They love them. Good Birthday gifts!
I had to replace a kindle I've had for years and this one fit the bill. The back-lighting is a huge plus as I didn't have it before, still on the slow side but works perfect when reading.
It is lightweight easy to use and easy to read. I would def recommend.
I absolutely love this product and how they recommend it
Looks like a real book! It's amazing! It doesn't last weeks like it says maybe a little over a week but I don't mind charging my electronics. It's really nice especially if you have kindle unlimited! I would recommend for people who like to read on the go!
Replaced first generation Kindle, love improvements!
Kindle paperwhite is a great asset for all kinds of readers at an affordable price! Lightweight and easy to throw in your purse, backpack, etc. no glare in the sun
Nothing but the best way to read books. Love the way it looks and the fact that I can read anywhere!
I absolutely love this little device. I grabbed the audio adapter for it and use it constantly. It works well to say the least.
This Kindle Paperwhite 7th gen. Is perfect. Along with it and using Calibre software I can do anything with it. Very impressed.
Old Kindle first edition broke so I purchased this Kindle. Great product! New and improved. Super lightweight and love the background light.
If you're using an older Kindle Paperwhite model (like I was), the higher resolution and additional font choices available in this model more than justify the upgrade cost.I'd recommend the white case if you can get it. It's a lot easier to find the microUSB port when you're trying to plug in a, charging cable.
satisfied with my purchase!needed upgrade from original kindle, wanted for outside use.small and compact.
I love this kindle paperwhite. I can read it anywhere especially the beach.
Smaller size. Easier to hold and put in my purse.love being able to read it at night and not keep others awake.
Hours of battery life and easy to work. Great gift
The new kindle is a much better experience. It is lightweight, the back light and ink make reading easy. The internet connection is smooth and fast
Great bargain for money. Easy to read in sunlight and while laying in bed.
bought one for myself and love it bought this for my 85yr old mom she loves it too
The doctor recommended that I not use harsh light products before going to sleep. I love to read books but my current tablet was extremely bright. The Kindle Paper White Tablet doesn't have the same glare and is easy on my eyes.
I'm so happy with my Kindle! It's so easy to order books and it works great to read at the gym.
Never had an Ereader before but I love this. Really helpful for reading assignments in graduate school.
I brought this for my wife for Valentine's Day. She loves it. She can now read at night in bed with the lights out.
excellent product for an ereader, very user friendly
I put off getting an e-reader for a long time thinking to myself that one more gadget was not necessary. Now that I have the Paperwhite, it's going to be my constant companion. It's very user friendly. I am brushing up on my Swedish language, and I was able to download a Swedish English dictionary so I can now not only read my Swedish books, but I am also able to look up unfamiliar words with ease. The display is very easy on the eyes - no eye strain whatsoever. All in all, I'm extremely satisfied.
This is my second kindle purchase. I absolutely love them. It's compact and easy to use.
This was the perfect gift for my mom and she loves it so much. She reads like crazy and this does not hurt her eyes like other devices. Great product and recommended for anyone who reads at all!
Very excellent product, I am very excited about using it!
Just what you'd expect. Construction is solid. The interface is intuitive. Screen is very readable and the unit fits well in the hand and is comfortable to hold for a long time when you get hooked on a great read.
Easy to use, great traveling Device. makes purchasing new books incredibly easy
I have an iPad pro and I read in a kindle. The best reading experience and no distractions. Use it several times a day!
I can read it on the beach with bright Sun lite I love it
This is my 2nd kindle. I had a 2nd generation. The paper white screen clarity is excellent and it's very light.
So the only complaint I could see most people had was that the battery life was poor compared to previous/non-backlit versions. I will say that is true, however, with about an hour to 30 minutes of reading, I can go a few weeks between charges. I feel that is very reasonable.As with the Kindle e-readers, I have had very good luck with them. They are well built, devices and very easy on the eyes. The device has a good texture and does not feel like it will slip out of your hand while reading.Overall I'm very happy with my new Kindle. Its so much easier on the eyes! Worth every penny!
The Kindle is like carrying a library in your backpocket. It is fantastic. I carry it everywhere.
This is a great product. Battery life is very good. Great for reading at night and works great in sun light. Sign up through Amazon and get books cheap or free.
This kindle paper white has a built in light and it helps a lot when you are reading especially at night.
it is white, and it is much better than kindle 6, so paperwhite is a very good product.
This was the perfect choice for travelling. It's very light and very clear, easy to read screen
the clarity is amazing on this reader and the adjustable lighting tops it all off nicely
I wanted an e-reader that will read manga well and this did not disappoint!
Kindle paperwhite reader is great. Easy way to buy books.
Purchased this to replace old kindle that I had used for many years. The new kindle works great and is easy to read even in bright sunlight.
Amazon kindle works great! Already reading lots of books
All the capabilities of Kindle and easy on the eyes!
I love my Kindle. I have dozens and dozens of books in the palm of my hand. The Paperwite screen is just like looking at a page on paper. No eye strain. Now, they just need to get the Paperwhite with color.By the way, when I received my device from the store, it was set up for the Russian language. But, I was able to fumble through the menus and change it to English.
I love my new paper white kindle. I have had it a little over a month now. I have had other kindles before, including the Kindle fire. But this new paper white one is the best I have had so far! I love the ability to read it outside, no matter how sunny it is. There is absolutely no glare.This kindle is super light-weight--I carry it in my purse all of the time.This kindle also has an amazing back-light so I can read when it is is dark out.Definitely worth 5 stars!!
I purchased a new Kindle only because I stepped on my original (which was the first generation Kindle) and broke it. I love my new one, particularly the lighting and size of the unit. Thank goodness I broke my first!
I use this e-reader primarily for library books. The amazon interface for checking out library books is cumbersome. However, the final result is great. The device works great in both sunny and dark rooms, syncs well with my Kindle app on my iPad. Battery life is very good.
you are able adjust the brightness which is good:)
It is very light and easy to handle. It fits the rack on my treadmill without blocking heart rate info. Took some getting used to but now I like the new home page which shows front cover of the book.
It could be a couple of square inches bigger but its great. Ability to adjust background light is fantastic.
It does more than my old one plus , is alot quicker than before and over all, the best of the best.
I bought the Kindle White for my wife. She loves being able to read a book, without having to use wifi.
use for travel light in weight makes reading so easy
Reads like a book instead of a tablet. Saves on book storage space and is always on hand. Looks good sitting on my nightstand. No clutter.
I'm an avid reader....I have 7 different Kindles including the Oasis and Voyage. The Paperwhite quickly became my favorite! The battery life is outstanding!!!
I've had Kindles before, but they always lacked something that made them practical. One didn't have touch, another didn't have a light, etc. I decided after years of not having one to give a kindle another chance. This one is perfect!! It's lite, it's relatively fast, the back light works great, it's easy to read, etc. I've read 5 times as many books on it than I had on all the other combined. Best purchase I've made in years.
Perfect I love it glad I did my homework before purchasing best choice for a reader
Love this Kindle. It's a great value for the price.
I love the size and features of the Kindle Paperwhite.
There is absolutely nothing that I don't just love about my kindle. The built in light is a nice addition that my old kindle didn't have. I would highly recommend the kindle paper white .
And this works perfect!! Kindle does not fail!! You will def. get your money worth with this e-reader
The Paperwhite is great for reading indoors, outdoors and at night. No glare and back light adjustment makes it awesome. Get one!
I love this device for reading. The backlight comes in super handy when in dark spaces. Battery life is great. I like it!
This is the second Kindle that I have purchased. I love that it is so small and easy to carry around, and the back light is a great feature!
I won't leave home without it now! It allows me to take my library with me anywhere I go without having to lug dozens of books around. While I do enjoy the feel and smell of a good book, the kindle is an absolute delight to read from!
Clarity is excellent. Easy breezy to use. Charges quickly and lasts a long time
I have been wanting one for a while now and happy I got one
This is the best kindle available. I recommend to al my friends.
I never thought I would go tech for reading but the kindle has been a great addition.
Works as intended. Great inexpensive reader very convenient for reading at home or traveling when don't have the extra space for books. The kids & I both use it and I can separate our books so they're not mixed together.The only downside is the lack of color, but I knew this going in - it's not the fault of the product.We lose out a little bit by not being able to see the color illustrations and book covers. When getting my kids to read, the colorful covers is often what draws them in.
Have purchased one and found it amazing. I bought second one for my father who find it hilarious
I am a hardcore HARDBACK book reader - it's always my preference. I always said I liked the "feel & size" of a "real" book over any electronic book reader. Boy was I wrong. I bought my Kindle on a whim while it was on sale, and I absolutely love it - I never imagined how much MORE I would read on the Kindle - I have gone through book after book after book, while a hardback still sits waiting on my nightstand to finish. It's a great size - throw it in my purse and read anywhere. The light is nice for darker reading situations. One of the best features in my opinion is borrowing books. You can borrow one book a month free through Amazon's Kindle Lending Library -- but you can borrow as many as your want from your local library (if it participates). That is where most of my reading has come from. I love the Kindle more than I ever imagined and recommend to any reader, especially those, like me, who swore on hardback "real" books!
nice and compact. user friendly, works well in low light
Great reader, light, good size, very easy on eyes, nice battery life. If primary use is as a reader, can't beat Paperwhite.
This is my second paperwhite and I love it. I already recommend the paperwhite to my friends.
This is awesome. The updated features work well. Really fast an smooth. The light dimming is great the best feature on the new kindle.
This kindle is by far the best, really enjoy the weight of it and ease on the eyes while reading
This kindle is a huge step up from my original kindle. The backlights and touchscreen make navigation super easy.
I had a lot of eye strain issues when trying to read off of my i-pad and I just couldn't get comfortable while reading a book in bed. This purchased changed everything. I am now going through 4-5 books a month and I am doing so cheaply.
Easy device for my in-laws who are not tech savvy.
This is honestly one of the best purchases I've ever made
finally I can read on the beach or outside! I can take many books with me when I travel without the weight and bulk of paperbacks I can also enlarge the font size so no readers are required!. Love this device. Wish they would do something like this for cell phones to read in the sunlight!
I've always been a fan of kindles but this one is the perfect size and weight to store in my bag. I'm very satisfied with this product #teamkindlepaperwhite.
I got this to replace one I broke. I chose this one because I love the color.
I've had other e-readers before and like this one the best because how easy it is to operate.
The kindle is the best ebook reader. I love it and use it daily.
I just wanted to be able to just read a book. Really very happy.
I love the size and the Light, to be able to read, anywhere, anytime!
Amazon makes such a good eReader that no other company even tries to make one. There are very few products in the world where that is true. The Paperwhite is worth the extra money for the lighting.
Great for reading anytime of day. Size is perfect.
This e reader is perfect! It is user friendly, holds a charge for couple days which is oerfect. The size is very compact I carry with me everywhere!
Very good and best for travel readings. I really like it and would like to refer with all
This reader is very light and works great. Would buy again.
I only bought this because I wanted to give my friend one and she wasn't getting the new one, lol! I had heard there wasn't much difference between them so didn't plan to buy one before. They were wrong. It is SO much faster. Going into the store, browsing, turning pages and opening books. I used to get aggravated at the lag time and rarely bought books on it, used my phone to buy, because it was so annoyingly slow to respond. Speed was the first thing I noticed, the screen looks a bit clearer though I was happy with the old one's screen too. It's worth the upgrade.
Small, compact, great for the beach. Easy to read in the bright sunlight.Love it, you won't be disappointed.
I read the reviews online before purchasing and this product is for real Excellent.
Kindle paperwhite is wonderful. I am able to read in the sun.
I love reading on my Paperwhite! The battery lasts for weeks and it is light enough to carry in my purse when I don't want to carry my other Kindle devices.
Love the Kindle paperwhite. Super easy to use, light and easy to carry, no screen glare.
This is a great reader for the price. I love the light for reading in the dark.
This kindle paperwhite is exactly what I was looking for to read outdoors and the backlight is great to read at night
I love my paperwhite. It is so much easier to read.
This product works very well and the price is reasonable.
This is a very compact Kindle; great for reading your favorite novels on the go!
This is my second Kindle paperwhite! I had mine for more than a year and I love it. My daughter borrowed it and really like the weight and the easy to read screen - not too bright and not to dull.
Lightweight and easy to use or read, the Paperwhite is wonderful! I purchased as a raffle prize for work and plan to get more. I have 2 people that have complimented me on them. They love them! Great item. Would recommend.
This purchase replaced another Kindle Paperwhite that broke when dropped. Paperwhite is a great reader.
This product was perfect for all my needs. It is very very easy to use. I would definitely recommend it
I love this e-reader! It's even better as it has the background lighting so you can use it in dark areas
Love the built in light and the screen makes it easy to read outside
This paperwhite is great for reading anywhere ! Outside, at night ! It small lightweight and i just love it !
I bought this so that I could read in the bedroom without waking my infant, and without bright lights shining right in my eyes. I'm so glad I bought it! And the battery life is amazing!
No glare anywhere--even on the beach! Also you can read in the dark with no problems.
love my kindle the store was clean and well laid out.
Bought this for my 84 year old mother who is an avid reader. So easy to use! She enjoys the lightweightness of the Kindle paperwhite and the non glare screen. She is able to adjust the font for enjoyable reading sized material and enjoys the LED's for reading at bedtime. Kindle paperwhite is definitely a gift that keeps giving and keeps mom smiling too!
I'm so far loving this e-reader. Haven't used it outside yet, but the lighting seems really good. I'm taking it on vacation next week, it will be my lifesaver for long flights and waits. (I only wish it had a headphone jack and audio option)
I love my new Kindle. Light weight and easy to use. Would recommend to anyone.
This is a perfect tablet for reading brooks as it is possible to do so at night, during the day, even in direct sun light! A great ebook reader!
The Paperwhite itself is a very nice design and the size makes it portable and easy to hold. The fact that you will be purchasing books from Amazon makes it all the better. Many, many discounted books for 99 cents to 5 dollars. Well worth the price of the reader. Was just on the beach in direct sunlight and no problems whatsoever.
It is a must have item if you have limited space at home and you would want a collection of your own. It is light weight compare to the old kindle. The backlight feature of the paperwhite is perfect to read in the dark and able to share books with family members with a library share feature.
I love to read but books were beginning to take over my space! This little "baby" is so small and holds a lot of books. Not only that, I can upload a new book any time I want to without leaving my house!
This was well received. A wonderful upgrade from a first gen Kindle.
I upgraded from an older, no-backlight Kindle and this one is much more comfortable to read. Overall a great value. The battery charge lasts forever and you can load it with enough to read for years.
Love my kindle paperwhite. My first one lasted years and I immediately went and bought a new one and that one no longer worked It's great for night reading with the back light
I haven't purchased a dedicated reader before, but bought this for a cruise where I knew it would be too sunny for an iPad, and this was easy to load up with books for my kids and I and it looked great in the bright sun while wearing sunglasses. Happy with the purchase.
I've read three books in less than a month! Before, I had a problem with getting tired while reading and my eyes hurt from the book light I had to use; but with the back light on the paper white I can adjust it perfectly to my liking! I love it!
I absolutely LOVE my kindle paper white. I read a ton of books and love having all of them with me at all times
exactly as I expected. Backlight is great and easy to use
Small and light weight. Even in a leather case. I was concerned about the small screen but was not a problem after using it for a while.
Very easy to read and the backlight adds to it and does not hurt the battery time much.
Kindle paperwhite easy to use, great features, easier to read!
Great for nighttime. Easy to read at the beach, too!
Kindle is always the first choice to read the E-book. Comfortable reading experience.
This is an excellent product at a great price. Shipping was great and got here really quick. Product itself is incredible and makes reading very easy and comfortable. Easy on eyes whether in the dark or in bright sunlight.
I admit I am late to the Kindle party. I couldn't understand why someone would get a dedicated e-reader when other devices could do so much more. I am now convinced that this is the way to read a book. The battery life is incredible and the paperwhite display is so easy on the eyes. The device is also a great size and can be used one handed without feeling cumbersome.
Love this new addition. The light feature really helps
Compact, long battery, able to read in any light level.
I love the kindle and I can read at night without hurting my eyes
The perfect fix for any book lovers delight. Allows you to see in the dark and maneuver without needing to shine a light on the device.
It exceeds the expectations, amazing long lasting battery
This is my 1st Kindle bough for my wife, later on bought another one for myself , we both love it, most important it wont hurt our eyes and battery last for weeks without charging it.
This is my 2nd Kindle for myself, I bought the 1st one for my wife a week ago, we both love it, most important it wont hurt our eyes and battery last for weeks without charging it
I bought this Kindle Paperwhite for my wife. I have always loved the Kindle products. This is her first Paperwhite and we are incredibly pleased with it. Very lightweight, the touchscreen aspect doesn't get in the way of things, and the backlight doesn't compromise the e-ink quality of feeling like reading on paper.
I have always loved the Kindle products. This is my first Paperwhite and I am incredibly pleased with it. Very lightweight, the touchscreen aspect doesn't get in the way of things, and the backlight doesn't compromise the e-ink quality of feeling like I'm reading on paper.
Easy to read on and awesome battery life. Great price.
Love the paperwhite! Best Kindle yet. easy on the eyes!
Great reading experience, always easy on the eyes!
Thanks Bestbuy for offering best price!!! We have been looking for this product since long and finally got it at bestbuy in great price.
I bought this for my wife's birthday present. She absolutely loves it! It is easy to use, easy on her eyes, and she prefers it to paper. Best present I've given her this year!
Kindle Whitepaper Reader is a replacement for my original Kindle. I like the fact that the Whitepaper has a back light so you can easily read in low light situations. Also, the non glare screen makes it so easy to read in bright sunlight.
I love this product - light weight, easy on the eyes, glare-free.
The new Kindle Paperwhite is such a great improvement Love it so much!!!
This product is very good. There was no problems in moving all of my books from my other Kindle to this one. I like the touch active screen and the lite screen. The size makes it easier to travel.
I have been reading on a paperwhite for a few years now. When it got damaged I just went right out and bought another. It's light, easy to see without my reading glasses, since I can change the font, and it's great for reading outside, even in full sun. It's worth every penny.
Of all the kindle readers this is the best one.I love this, small, easy to read
As a lover of books I love the portability and battery life of this. Definitely would recommend to anyone.
Got this as a gift to my mom. She absolutely loved the color and how easy to use.
A great e-reader have had no problems with it at all.
I really loved this! It was the perfect size to carry in my bag, and the paper white is awesome. So easy to read. Also very attractive looking. LOVE IT!
It is a great "book" to carry around. I really love it.
I love my kindle Paperwhite in white. The battery lasts a long time without recharging. Your books are all in one compact location. you can add your own personal touch with color cases to protect your kindle. I take mine everywhere I go.
I got this for my wife. She loves it. Very user friendly. Forever battery life.
This was a great buy. I read all the time and just got tired of carrying multiple hooks with me on flights. So this played a big role in packing
It was a Mother's Day gift my wife loved it she took it on vacation with her and could read it in the direct sunlight on the beach or by the pool
Have be very happy with the line of products so far
Couldn't go without it. Old one conked out on vacation and this was great. Sister has one too.
Bought it as a gift, I love mine and think everyone should have one!
Easy to hold & read with no strain to eyes. Love that I can highlight text.
Love paperwhite version. Perfect to read at beach, at night ,on plane, etc...
I purchased this kindle to replace a very old and heavy Nook! Kindle is lightweight , easy to use and perfect for travel. Holds a charge forever!
When my old kindle died I purchased the Paperwhite. Great for reading! Much lighter weight than previous one. Now able to read in sunlight without difficulty and am able to use with another source of light.
I bought this to use mainly outdoors because my iPad had too much reflection on the screen. The white background works great outdoors. Very easy to read.
I was actually a usability tester on the very first Kindle and I'd always thought about buying one. After using the Kindle app on various tablets (iPad and Samsung) I finally realized that what I was mostly using the tablets for was the Kindle App.Buying one was a no-brainer and the Paperwhite is excellent. The Bookerly font is exceedingly readable and the backlighting is adjustable so that I don't keep my significant other awake when I'm reading in bed. It's lightweight and the perfect size for putting in the pocket of my cargo shorts or in a jacket pocket.
This was a excellent gift for someone who likes to read alot.
I couldn't read on my kindle outside so I got the paperwhite. Problem solved.
... and anywhere else! I love it. For the first time since I've had a Kindle, I can finally read it outside. Great for reading NYT on Sunday mornings by the pool!
I had an original Kindle (wifi only) and loved it, however was limited when reading at night (I didn't want to have to attach a light or use a flashlight). The Kindle Paperwhite solves my dilemma! I would specifically recommend it for those who are frequent fliers.
The Amazon Kindle Paperwhite was a gift to my husband. He is very happy with it for several reasons. Reading from the non-reflective screen is effortless, and he can adjust the size of the characters. He can take notes and highlight parts of the text. Two really neat features are: 1. If you take notes on a book that you borrowed from the library, those notes will still be there even after you return the book. So, if you happen to borrow the same book a few weeks later, when you open the book on your e-reader, your notes will be there. 2. In a complicated story with lots of characters, the e-reader keeps track of who is who. In a paper book, you would have to flip the pages back and forth to figure that out. No need to do this with the e-reader.
I find this perfect for reading. It's much lighter than the mini iPad. Easier on the eyes.
I love my new paperwhite. I had previously had a generation 1 and a generation 2 kindle. This is a tremendous step up. I usually use my kindles for reading on the beach. I love that it is small and fits in my beachbag or purse. I like the back light on it also. If I had to make one constructive criticism I would have liked the page turning to be more like turning the page on a book like the kindle app on my phone works. Occasionally, if I don't hit the page turn in the right spot I get other "stuff" that shows up. Not a huge deal but I would like it to be more intuitive in that regard.
When I first opened the box, I was unsure as to my feelings about this new Kindle. BUT, after learning to use it, the performance has been first rate. The variable brightness makes it easy on the eyes to read day or night.
It's my first time owing a kindle. But so happy I purchase it. All my favorite books in one place. Love the light and how practical it is.
I love it it's an awesome electronic device I can't live with out it !
I gave this as a gift to my sister and she loves it. The battery life is great. She recently took it to a trip to Canada from Texas and her battery lasted all trip!!!
The Kindle Paperwhite is an improvement over older generation Kindle's with it's clearer display, cleaner font, and built-in light. It's an e-reader that anyone can use with very little technical capability and makes for an enjoyable reading experience.
I love this kindle. You can read clear in bright sunlight and it's so easy to carry around. The letters are crisp and easy to read. It's just like holding a book but without the curling pages. You will not be disappointed.
This Paperwhite Kindle does exactly what it says....Great for reading Books outside in the sun light or when it is getting dark.
Very easy to travel with. Easy to see in dark/dim light
Nice and easy on the eyes, lightweight. What I take on trips to read outside or at home anytime.
This device is perfect for viewing on the beach, planes, etc. Easy to use.
I like it a lot. It does what it says it will do and that's awesome.
I had a kindle which I unfortunately threw away by mistake with some papers. I bought a paper white and I am back to being able to read all the books I want, It can be put in my purse and I can read where ever I go.
The Kindle Paperwhite is a compact e-reader that is so easy to use and download books - many of which are free from various websites. The light is great so one can read in a dim hotel light or in the dark.
I absolutely love my kindle! The battery lasts a really long time, which is great because I read a lot! Easy to work, and I am loving the adjustable back light.
Great product if you need to read e-books, good battery life.
Great gift as it's reasonably priced. Battery life is fantastic. Put it into airplane mode and it lasts even longer. Don't forget this is the one where you have to adjust the backlight. If you want to auto adjust you need to get the Voyager. Both nice and compact. Highly recommended.
I bought this e-Reader because I wanted to use it at the river and by the pool and still be able to see the screen in the sunlight. The Kindle Paperwhite didn't disappoint. Compact and a step above the basic e-Reader.
I bought it for one of my friend. He just loved it.
This is my 3rd kindle but only because I've lost the previous ones. Can't imagine reading any other way.
I bought this for a retirement gift and my coworker loves it. It's perfect! Easy to set up and no hassles.
The screen is glare free and easy to read in any light. I love this Kindle
Hands down the best. I had a nook for years and rarely used it. I have already read 5 different books on the kindle and it's a much smoother experience.
Very happy with my product. Best Buy staff was extremely helpful
First of all I would like to say that I'm very happy with my purchase. It is very helpful and useful gadgets for every single ebook reader. Battery life is awesome and it's very stylish display and overall look. Definitely must buy product.
I bought this for my wife and she loves it. Lighter in weight, no glare. The white background is easier to read than the previous model she had.
Easy to use and clarity is wonderful! This was a present for my daughter and she loves it.
Exactly like my friends. I love it. I took it on vacation and great to read on the beach or at home
I bought this Kndle for my daughter who is vision impaired. I was able to increase the size of the print enough that she could read without a magnifying glass. She hadn't been able to read a book for many years so she was thrilled. It's also great that she is able to read with no glare on the screen if she is outside. Great product!
Got this as a gift for my sister. She was running out of book shelf space this was the great idea. She loved this gift and it has a light so you can read this one in the dark.
I was tired of trying to read my books on my regular kindle fire or my phone and NEVER being able to do so because the screen was too dark or glare was to strong.This is my 3rd kindle and I love it the best! perfect indoors or outdoors. Small and compact. Fits easily in my purse or tote.
Love using my Kindle Paperwhite. The best feature is the ability to adjust the backlight when reading in different locations.
This is a great upgrade, with the touch screen but still with the perfect ability to read outside!Set up is idiot proof and very quick. I like that you can have two accounts on it now, as my husband uses it also. Has a very long battery life and is pretty rugged as I dropped a couple of times.If you love to read outside this is the product for you!
This my 3rd Kindle paper white. My other two are completely full of great reads; my eyes are bigger than the number of hours in a day. I don't go anywhere without a kindle paperwhite in my purse; jacket pocket, etc because it's so compact and easy to adjust the size of the print if necessary.
Great e reader especially love the backlight. Definitely recommend to others
It's great for reading books. I like it because you don't have to buy real books anymore
My wife needed a new Kindle....her previous one just "died".....she loves the new size, features, and screen....much improved compared to her original Kindle....I highly recommend if you are in the market for an e-reader.
I'm already enjoying reading using a paper white, this purchase was for my granddaughter. It has all the functions I need. One of the best things is the length of the battery, It only needs charged once a month. I know she'll enjoy her paper white as much as I do mine.
Easy to use and well lit for night reading. Charges fast. Light weight. Love it!
Bought for my daughter because I love mine so much! Easy to use. Can see in the dark to read before bed - not so bright as a phone so it doesn't keep me up.
I love this Kindle. I have read about 7 book since I bought it and I used to only read about two a year
This is a great product for someone looking for a basic tablet with multi-use capability and is easy to use.
The paperweight is a fantastic e-reader and the best I've ever used. Great display, fantastic battery life, and a very adjustable front light system work together to create an amazing reading experience. The only thing I would change would be to make it water and dust resistant for beach use. (Which is rumored to be coming in the next model)The ability to borrow ebooks from my library and download them directly on my Kindle is fantastic!
I enjoy using my kindle. It is lightweight and I can just take it out and read while waiting for the bus or at any time. The Kindle is easy to use and easy on the eyes and it is perfect when reading outdoors.
This new reader is light weight and easy to use. It fits conveniently in my purse.
I can finally get back to reading thanks to my new Kindle paperwhite. It's small and lightweight along with a perfect anti-glare reading pane. This is my first e-reader and I love it. The paperwhite is a must as I have no eyestrain as I do when reading on regular computer screens. Intuitive and easy to use!
I have purchased the Paperwhite for 4 of my children. They all love the portability and the light up screen. Perfect for travel and reading in bed.
The kindle paper white provides an excellent reading experience .
Easy to read. Great for travel. Has been an excellent purchase.
Bought this as a gift for my daughter. She had a very old kindle that wasn't working properly. She loves it.
This is my second KIndle. I use Kindle to read fictions. This is awesome!
this is the best ereader in the market, the battery last a least 4+ weeks with one charged
I absolutely love the Kindle Paperwhite! It is my first e-reader but it's won me over! I had to choose between the Kindle and the Nook. Each had it's advantages and the only reason that the Kindle won out was because of my obsessive usage of Amazon. I don't like that it uses a proprietary format (other formats are usable such as PDF.) but there are workarounds out there...The screen is crisp and looks just like paper. I barely notice the e-ink refreshing and I can read for hours without discomfort. The built in light is great for night reading and it's so light!Overall, a great device and if you can wait there are price drops fairly often.9/10. Would buy again.
The paper white kindle is great. Makes reading in the dark is so much easier.
I was hesitant since I also have a smart phone but it's well worth it. Love that it doesn't smudge or break as easily and is easy on my eyes even in the dark. Love the kindle share program
The kindle is great for reading at night and is very comfortable.
I brought it for my best friend and she love it very much.I will buy one for myself when it has some discount.
I bought this as an upgrade to my old Kindle. The backlighting is great, now my wife does not have to leave the lights on at night to read.
My husband gave this to me for our vacation to Hawaii. It was nice and lightweight to read on the plane in the dark, and on the beach in the bright sunlight. Love it!
I have had a Kindle since they first came out. This is my 4th one and they just keep getting better. Reads great in daylight, night time, whenever.
This device is lightweight and comfortable to hold. I love being able to read it in the dark
Got this as a gift for my bookworm wife and she loves it. Typically she likes physical copies but the kindle is a space saver
Speed is great. Backlight is great. The screen isn't reflective - great.
I just love the size of the kindle and it's easy to take on the go. Perfect reading for outdoors on the deck around the pool.
My girlfriend is a bookwork and she absolutely loves her Kindle Paperwhite. We tried getting the standard Kindle first, but that just didn't do it for her as she likes to read in the dark as well. The Paperwhite was the perfect investment for her, and I'm considering getting one for myself.
The perfect reader you need if you choose to read everywhere
great value. it doesn't hurt my eyes. So easy to use and upload books. best of all my kids wont try and use it to surf the web.
This is the second Kindle Paperwhite we have purchased for one of our Grand Children. This is a great tool to promote reading for kids or adults. This tool combined with Amazon's available online subscriptions or purchasing books individually is the way to go.
Works well. A nice upgrade from our old one. Easy to use
If you like to read but don't want a lot of clutter, or just don't have the space for dozens of books on your shelf then this is the solution. The layout is simple to use and the screen is perfect. Reading in direct sunlight isn't an issue thanks to the matte finish of the e-ink display. The battery on this thing will outlast any other electronic you have in your house.My only complaint/issue is that as a avid reader off comic books, this device thanks to the nature of the display don't allow me to enjoy my favorite medium.
I take this on all my trips. I have access to,tons of books. I can carry it in my purse and read wherever I am.
Extremely easy to view. No light needed. Just what I was looking for.
I use it to read books that i borrow from thr library. So far it is great.
I love my Kindle ,I use it every day and the size is perfect..
Easy to read fonts, do not have to buy an external light, can read in bright sunlight or in the dark. Easy to add books from Amazon Kindle. It's nice to carry your whole library with you in your purse.
Bought for my girlfriend so she can stop hoarding books. She's addicted to this now. It's great because it's small and cool looking, but perfect for her because she has immediate access to a plethora of books.
Lightweight, fits perfectly in my hands, good screen quality. Makes reading even more enjoyable.
I simply love it. At first I thought reading black and white content on a iPad would be a similar experience and reading on iPad or iPhone is similar and no need for kindle. But kindle is different and for me it's better than reading a physical book. It's so cool to carry around thousands of books at any time. Battery goes on and on and on. Excellent piece of hardware.
I love the size and design. works great, I love that i can change font sizes
Best kindle ever! Easy to use and so beautiful kindle. I really recommend this kindle.
Bought this because it's lightweight and easy to adjust display for in bed reading. Have difficulty reading physical books as my vision is changed. I enjoy using this kindle although I have other readers including nook iPad and kindle hd. Very pleased with this purchase.
My wife's old kindle died a couple months ago...I looked around for a replacement, and Best Buy offered the most competitive price....
A friend had purchased this Kindle and I was really impressed with the ease of use and how easy it was to borrow books from the library and read it on this Kindle. It was easy on the eyes and quite handy to hold and transport.
Great way to enjoy reading wherever you are. The lighting feature is definitely worth it, as you can read it anywhere.
The kindle paperwhite is an excellent product. I already have it . This is a gift my friend.
Great product. The only problem is that my son is now staying up late to read books in his bed at midnight without lights turned on. :-)
This is a good item for reading books. It is easy to use.
Have an original kindle but need a new one and can use this outside
Great device for reading indoors or outdoors. Very easy to navigate.
I was very hesitant on buying an e-reader as I didn't think spending $100 on a device that I would then need to spend $$ on books was worth it. Now that I have been using the Paperwhite, there are plenty of free books available to download. It is very easy to read in every lighting condition that I've used it in so far. Wish I would have bought it much sooner.
This product is great for reading, especially in the sun.
This is a great tablet and I love using it.it is simple to use and I'm happy that I purchased it.
It is very easy to use. Like that font can be magnified. Clear screen is easy to see. Remembers where you stopped reading previously.
This is a big improvement over my old Kindle. The Paperwhite screen is perfect, and I'm loving reading on a Kindle more than ever. Read on!
I've had 4 kindles over the years and this is my favorite. So easy on my eyes and easy to read, even outdoors.
Paperwhite kindle is great...especially when reading outside in bright light (like at the beach or in the backyard patio)! This is the main reason for getting it. No glare!
So easy to read and very easy on your eyes. Recommended for storing your books.
This kindle makes it easy to read at night.goodbuy
What a great device. The paperwhite is much clearer to see than on an iphone or android. Easy on the eyes
Bought this for my wife. She subscribes to several financial publications that use graphs. They don't work well on our old 3rd generation Kindle and she hates reading on her iPad. This Kindle Paperwhite is great. It displays the graphics perfectly but keeps the reading experience pleasant.
Great item works perfect and great protection. Exactly what I needed.
So far this kindle works great. Have used it in the dark and on the beach and have no visibility problems! Very satisfied.
great way to read & manage books... pros: non-distracting (can't do anything but reading :-) that's BIG plus), non eye straining , great battery life..
This device offers a wonderful way to read books without creating more clutter in your home. The device is also easy to read even in the sun (unlike by IPad mini).
I love how it has a built in light and the fact that's it compact. Very easy to use.
I like to get library books, but just have a super hard time getting them on my Kindle. I finally get it done, but it is such a task because I don't know what to do. Other than that, I really like the Kindle as I can read in bed without turning on the light and I can also read outside in the sun. How great is that!!! I love it. Now, I just need to read how to accomplish the chore at hand---getting library books.
This is a wonderful reader that is very easy to operate. I especially like the non glare screen and that ability to adjust the font size and the lighting. It is perfect for reading in the sun and in bed as well!!
My new Kindle is working the way it should. No problems advancing pages.
This is perfect for what I wanted to do - which is read! I have a tablet for other things. I love how lightweight it is, the backlight, long battery life and no-glare in sun. I highly recommend!
this was a gift. My dad loves it! It does exactly what he needed it for with a great price!
fits my needs, love to read and it just fits my hands and is great and easy to read
Bought for spouse and finally got her to give up her Sony ereader. She loves it and I'm a hero. Kindle is probably one of the greatest technology items of all time.
Purchased it for the wife she said it's easy to read in any light and she loves it.
I am really enjoying this reader. The light is adjustable for all types of lighting! It is small enough to put in my purse to carry anywhere!
I love the non glare screen on this product. Perfect for summer beach reading!
It's everything I needed in a reader. The light is perfectly balanced and the text is so easy on the eyes and brain to read. Couldn't be happier.
I was not happy when my original Kindle paperwhite failed after the warrantee period expired but I loved the battery life and readability in almost all environments.
These kindlewhites are awesome! never thought I'd give up holding a real book, but the whites are just too convenient!
I just purchased this Kindle to replace my first generation kindle. I am so happy with my purchase. It is much easier to use, read, hold and charge. It is a worthwhile investment!
I used to read late at night with a bed light that kept my husband awake. After I started using the backlit Kindle Paperwhite my husband exclaimed, "No more white nights!"
Beach necessity for avid reader! It is a must have if you want to read in direct sunlight!
Fantastic Kindle. Worth it for the back light. Wife uses it everyday especially when rocking our new born in the dark
This is my first Paperwhite and I love it. I've had a kindle keyboard (loved it), kindle fire (was okay), kindle fire HD (good for a tablet) but i just love a good ol' eReader for reading. Nothing else will do and this Paperwhite is perfect to read in dark and bright situations. PLUS....The battery last FOREVER!!
I wasn't sure I could prefer digital books over traditional but I love this reader. Pages are clear and easy to navigate. One of the best purchases I ever made.
User friendly, easy to purchase books online, great clarity quality
The backlight is the best part of this Kindle! I highly recommend doing the paperwhite!
It is easy to use without having to read the instructions.
I read a lot...enjoy this product while reading before bedtime.
The paperwhite kindle is the best option for someone who is just looking for a kindle to read on and download books. Would not have chosen a different one at all.
Love love love! No squinting, no glare just beautiful words! Bought one as a gift for an avid reader friend too.
I needed to replace my Kindle fire that was damaged. It works great .
Great if you like reading at night. Backlight works great.
I received my new Kinkle Paperwhite! I'm an avid reader at night - sometimes well into the early morning hours. This Kindle is the best - so lightweight and you can adjust the light in the background...best of all, the print adjusts to your choice of size and style and after reading for many hours, it's great to know I can make the type larger. So lightweight you never even realize you are holding it. Love, Love, Love it. Oh, and it is very, very easy to set up.
I love traveling so this has been perfect for taking books wherever I go.
I find this product to be great on plane rides due to extended battery life and great section of reading material
This is perfect for reading anywhere and being able to download books in a foreign country and having them at my fingertips. Being able to adjust the light and font size is very nice. This has been a convenient asset to my life.
I love my kindle, the paperwhite is great for reading outside because you don't get a reflection back like you do with other types of kindles. The white color is a nice change.
I have bought a kindle paperwhite as a gift for three people and each has LOVED it. It's a reliable reader with a LONG battery life and a great little traveler. I highly recommend it.
I am not the biggest reader but this made me start reading again! Really easy to use and very easy to read off at night or in the bright sun. Very user friendly and lots of little things to make my reading experience more helpful and exciting. Originally got the basic edition Kindle without the back light and instantly returned it. Not having to have a well lite room was more than worth the extra forty dollars.
I thought I could read from my ipad, was a I wrong! Using this Kindle is amazing and I will never read from my ipad again AND I feel like I am holding a book again, great work!
Amazon has this one perfect. The backlight makes it easy to read.
This kindle is great, but it requires a cover to protect the screen - it's easily scratched.
Favorite part was how easy it is to read at night.
My wife loves the kindle paperwhite to read on. She has not put it down sense we bought it. Battery life is great.
Great product. This is my 2nd Kindle paperwhite. Compared prices and this was the best one I found.
This item is great. I would buy it again. Highly recommended.
We have 3 Kindles, all paper white models. They are lighter than the original model with the light on a spring. Both my grandson and I have iPads which we use for internet etc. The Kindles are the best for reading which helps encourage young readers.
What can I say,I love my Kindle! Has the right amount of light and very versatile to read..
This is my first Kindle and I LOVE It! I considered buying a cheap used one but I'm so glad I went with the Paperwhite! I read in the dark way more than I thought I did. Battery life is amazing!
Like the light background. The font makes it easy to read.
The reason I bought this model kindle was for the backlight to read at night. The internet connectivity is great too. I've been reading a Russian history book and use the dictionary and Wikipedia lookup often to look up people and places with ease.
I love this Kindle the ease of use and the amount of books I can carry in a small package is awesome
I love this Kindle. It is a replacement for my old kindle keyboard. I used it constantly, for hours every day, carried it in my purse all the time, and traveled with it. I will not be without a Kindle. nice product.
This latest version of the kindle reader is great. Paper white is esp nice.
Great product! It is SO much easier to read when it's sunny outside!
I love my Kindle paperwhite. The backlit screen is great for reading at night, it has a long battery life and I love being able to use it in full sunlight.
The easiest and lightest way to read a book any time and any place.
My son loves it, reads every day now. I love the fact, there is no internet/games to destruct him from reading. Small size allows to take it everywhere, wonderful screen for eyes. Just perfect!
Love this book reader. Easy to use, easy to load books, easy to read even in the dark! Easy on eyes! It's like reading a real book. Charge lasts weeks!
The Kindle Paperwhite is a wonderful option for traveling (no weight, lots of books) and for seniors who read large print books - adjustable font size!
I like the kindle paper white because you don't need s light on to read it,
I have bought one for each of my kids and don't regret it for a second. Never seen them read more.
works as advertised. small and light. will along with my kindle fire.
Great for using in any condition, specifically outside in the sun. No glare like the iphone and ipad
The Amazon Kindle Paperwhite is has many features and small so you carry it around and light in weight.
I have macular degeneration that makes it difficult for me to to read. The Paperwhite allows me to set the font size large enough to read comfortably and the great back lighting really helps also.
backlight feature is great for reading on an airplane when overhead lights are too bright.
Easy to read at the beach or in bed love my kindle
im an avid reader. this device it fantastic. sure beats carrying a book around.
Love this device for reading. I travel for a living so it's great not carrying a bulky book with me. Plus doesnt bother my eyes after reading for hours
Replaced an older Kindle that was stepped on, and love the new Kindle the lighted screen is perfect for night reading, and the screen never washes out in bright sun light.
We now have 2 of these in our home because we love this model kindle
It is exactly what I needed! A plain ol' reader! No color, no apps! Just books, and I can read outside!
I have been reading on a tablet with the Kindle app. Worked great and really got hooked on e readers. However living in Florida I could not read outside. Purchased the Kindle Paperwhite and problem solved. Really like my Kindle. Haven't used the tablet since the purchase.
Love the compact size and ability to read it anywhere.
Very good quality and easy to use, you can read anytime!
I love the Kindle Paperwhite!! It allows you to read in any type of situation. You can control how bright or dim the backlight is. You can also turn the backlight off to save battery when you're in a well lit area. It's got plenty of space for hundreds of books.
Nice and easy to carry with you. The battery's life is very good and you do not need to recharge for the next 7 days
Bought this for a friend she loved it! She always wanted a kindle for reading coz she is an "electronic worm". I am glad she loved it
Great kindle. Easy to travel with. Works great in sunlight.
Great to read with during the day and night. Easy to carry.
I travel extensively for work and recently had stopped carrying books to cut down on bulk in my carry-ons. A sale pushed me into finally buying a kindle and it has been a great purchase for me. The screen is extremely easy to read, has almost too much granularity in brightness settings, and is visible in all lighting conditions. The ability to add library e-books is also a huge convenience for being able to read new books, in addition to buying direct from Amazon.
Amazing battery life and beautiful screen. My friend I are all like it.
Plan to use the KIndle Paperwhite on a cruise so very important that we could use it in the sun.
I just love my paperwhite! The size is small enough to fit in my purse and pull out whenever I have the time. The charge lasts forever, so I'm not always looking to plug in. I love that I can sit outside and read, or in bed at night, without light on to disturb husband. I belong to a book club, so it's nice to be able to add notes when I want to and to have the dictionary right there if needed. I can hook right onto Amazon, Goodreads or borrow from the library while sitting in bed. This is my first Kindle, so I don't have stuff to compare it to - but I sure love this one.
works great in bright sunlight, used it at the beach
Best e-reader for now ! eyes feel comfortable for reading !
I bought this Kindle as a gift for my brother. I already have one and love it so much I wanted him to have one too.
I bought the Kindle Paper White for travel, its so much lighter than bulky books and can fit in your hand luggage/pocket to read while travelling. So easy to use no screen glare like tablets have so you can read it anywhere. Has adjustable screen brightness and font size too.Has the technology to allow you to order and download books from anywhere you happen to be. I love it so much I bought my sister one too!
I've had a number of kindles since inception and this one is fantastic. The back lighting works great and the device is responsive, light, and agile. I wish there was a way to delete ads after you've bought the device
This is the first time I buy a kindle product. And the price is fairly good since I get the 20 discount! The screen reads like real papers. But the background light I think is not necessary because it will reduce the quality of reading.
This is my second Kindle. I wore out the first one! I truly enjoy the PaperWhite edition as I can read in bed without any other lights on.
This kindle is perfect for using on my commute. It is extremely lightweight and easy to use and it fits just about in any of my bags.
I took it on vacation in the Bahamas and Bald Head and read in the sun and in the pool.
replaced a lost one with this, nice upgrade to the older version
As everyone else has stated. Easy to read with outside. Great for under the umbrella on the beach also.
It is great to have numerous books right at your finger tips. Especially while traveling. Bought this for a backpacking trip and have used it nearly everyday since.
Exactly what I wanted, great reading at night or in a bright day.
Very easy to use and can be read in direct sunlight
I love the Amazon Paper White Kindle. I can take it anywhere and it's my entire library at my finger tips. I can read at night, in the glaring sun and even in the constant changes of the outdoor light. This is the perfect reader for on the go.
It protects my Kindall and I can take it and put it in my purse if not get scratch because I like to read my Kimball we have places waiting for people. And it's a nice color and it's very nice.
Wife's favorite of all the Kindles. She sold her Fire.
well design and perfect size to carry along. What it does is to give you a quick access to e book and provide a better experience compared to view of phones
This is great ebook reader Simple interface and easy to understand. Web browser is not that great but it serves great purpose for what it is made
Replaced my wife's standard Kindle with the paper white edition. She loves the backlit screen.
great improvement over the earlier versions. Like the option of a lighted background and speed of loading
Love the Kindle! Will allow me to travel with my favorite books all in one place
Purchased as a gift. Works great. We love the kindle paperwhite because it can be read outside with no glare.
Old Kindle was not working consistently very well, so purchased an new Kindle Paperwhite that is backlit and it is a great improvement over my old Kindle...loveit!
Wanted to be able to read outdoors w/out glare and also at night w/out a light on. Already have laptop and smart phone so don't need another connected device. Works beautiful in all lighting conditions.
Have used every iPad since the beginning including the Pro and never had success reading. Now I can read anywhere under any lighting conditions and the battery lasts forever! great on the road or at home. Test is so crisp and clean! I recommend purchasing with the cover to protect the screen.
I had two kindles previously, I think 3rd gen white one with keyboard, cheapest kindle I won couple years back from a raffle, and finally purchased this paper white. So much easier on my eyes and my wife doesn't get bothered by a little bit of light it produces. I was a casual reader who reads one book every quarter and with paper white I read 1-2 books a month minimum.
I got the paperwhite as a replacement for my 1st generation Kindle. It has great features, but is still easy to use. I like that it is not backlit like a tablet, making it much easier on your eyes.
My old kindle died, so I got a new one. There were only two options available, so I got the one that has a backlight. It's very easy to read on the beach in bright sunlight. And I love the backlight. It doesn't strain my eyes like the iPad does
I bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it! I still can't get over how the kindle pages look like actual pages. Highly recommended for everyone!
Awesome product. Lightweight and easy to carry. Love it
I really have enjoyed using my Kindle on airplanes. I can read without turning the overhead light on.
Bought this as a gift; I already have one and have been using it over a year. The Kindle works well, is reliable, and is easy to read in the dark.
we have various versions of the kindle and this one is great. the screen quality is amazing and I think it makes this the best Kindle Paperwhite, and the price is great got it for less than a $100 with a best buy member deal
Very happy with this purchase which replaced a 3rd generation unit. Much easier on the eyes and very responsive to the touch. Takes a little to get used of the page foward/backward on this device but no big deal. The Reviews on Best Buy site were very instrumental in making this purchase.
The Kindle Paperwhite is reliable, holds a charge for weeks, is lightweight and easy to hold, allows you to read in bed at night without eye strain or bothering anyone (because of the backlit surface), and stores hundreds of books. What can I say? I love my Kindle, and this one was the second I have bought...this one as a gift for an elderly parent. She loves it! The font is easy to adjust for people who need large print. I take my Kindle everywhere so I am never bored whether I am waiting in the doctor's office or stuck in an airport overseas..
I love my kindle paperweight! It is great upgrade from the kindle touch
I love this Kindle. The backlight feature makes it very convenient.
This is my second Kindle Reader. Purchased the first one in 2011, but it was stolen this past Spring. So I purchase this Kindle Paperwhite. It is great No glare outside and it is easy to adjust the print size.
The point of a kindle is to read it like a paper print and this product achieves that. I considered the higher level products but settled on this as the best value option. The product met expectation.
If you are in sunlight you can still read with clarity, I don't need all the extras , this is perfect for reading books.
After being really hesitant on switching from hard copy books to a kindle I decided to go for it. Ever since I've used it I have loved it simplicity and how adapting it can be to light. Still love paper copied books, but kindle versions are much simpler.
In an effort to simply and cut down on the number of books I shelve and store I bought the paper white Kindle by Amazon. I had previously owned a Fire and it fatigued my eyes after reading and like my books ended up on a shelf. My parents swear by their Kindle Paper White's and so I decided to give it a try!I Love IT! Easy to read, easy on the eyes, I can read it in bed without keeping my wife awake, super lite and the battery lasts forever!
Took it to the beach and read by the pool and was very easy to read
So glad I bought this!! Nice to have my books right there..so easy to go from one to another in a series.
So happy with this Kindle! It's very easy to use, lightweight so you can carry it in your bag like you would with a paper book, except here you have an entire library with you.
Love my new reader. It took a while to sort out all of the functions as it is quite different from my old Kindle. Now however it goes with me everywhere. I especially like the back light that makes reading always easy.
Excellent device. Light weight and easy on eyes. Next time I'll get a black one instead of the white to minimize glare in sunlight.
My family loves the Kindle Paperwhite. Prefer to read on this more than the fruity tablet. Great for outside, so my dog loves it too!! Lightweight, easy to use, lots of books to choose from. No complaints.
I love this device! It works so well and is easy on the eyes. Having on device hold all of my books and being able to get new books so easily is the best feature for someone like me who is an avid reader.
We bought this Kindle for our son... he's moving up in the high school years and more books are required for reading so instead of buying books or waiting for availability at the local library it was the smart choice... download and read!
I love the Paperwhite and we have had Kindles in the house for years. This Paperwhite is as snappy as the Voyage and while it doesn't have that smooth glass screen, it also doesn't have the extra $100 or so price tag. It's a great piece of tech that often goes on sale. Get it when it does. It's well worth it.
Bought it for my son for his summer reading. Kindle is working great.
For the price, the Kindle Paperwhite was a great upgrade to the old Kindle. The back light was a plus when using on a plane, and the charged lasted throughout the two week trip.
I was pretty hesitant at first when looking to purchase a Kindle. There is just something about having a physical book in your hands while reading and seeing the progress in how far you've gotten into the book. Being a person who is always reading on the go, at work, and in the dark at home when others are sleeping, the Kindle has been awesome.
It took me a while to break down and finally buy a digital book, I'm a big fan of paper books. I love the Kindle so far! I wanted an eReader that I could only read books on, no apps or games, that's what my phone is for, and so far I am very happy :)
Love it very easy for young readers. Would definitely recommend
They love kindle. Ease of downloading the books they love and the battery life is so long, they just love it. Kindle transformed the way people carry books (reading). This is a light weight kindle, excellent display and awesome battery power. I would highly recommend for kids/ family/ everyone who loves to read a lot.
I just love my kindle fire but it's a little heavy to carry with me. That's why I wanted to buy the kindle paperwhite. It's light weight so it fits nicely in my purse or my work bag.I just love the no glare, I'm able to read at night or outside, at work on lunch break. It's great glad I did buy it. Worth every penny.
Love the back lit screen for reading in all sorts of lighting situations.
Light weight, adjustable brightness, no glare, long battery life.This is a great way to read a book!
Taking some time to figure it all out but I love it!!
This is my second Kindle reader. My first one wasn't back lite. I love that I can read outside in the sunshine or in bed with no light on. It is a great item if you like to read. I haven't bought an actual book in years!
Love this device, long battery life, very useful, great for on the go lifestyles, love the backlight and the overall clarity
I had the original Kindle for years and when it finally crashed I was heartbroken. I don't like to change once I get used to something so having to go out and buy a new Kindle was hard but I need my books. The paperwhite is great because the light is built in so I didn't need to hunt down a lighted cover. The reason I went with the paperwhite is because I can't read with my glasses on it gives me a headache and that model you are still able to adjust the font.It works great in sunlight I read on beach for 2 days while on vacation. It transfered all my books from the old kindle as soon as I registered it also so I still have my library.I am glad to say after being skeptical of change it was a great decission.
Very easy to use. I have downloaded three books and I am enjoying reading them.
this is a good product for daily use, we like it till now.
My wife and I love our Kindles when cruising or out at the beach. They work great in sun and are compact and travel well.
Having a Kindle is awesome. It makes it very easy to read and I gobbled up over 800 pages before I had to charge it for the first time since I got it. Great purchase!
Needed a set of cheap speakers for a secondary computer. Couldn't get much cheaper and to my surprise they were easy to install and the sound quality is wonderful.
I really appreciate the new design and features of the new Kindle Paperwhite. It makes spending time reading time well spent. Comfortable in your hand and easy on your eyes. Very enjoyable!
works great in bright sun also. downloads fast and is compact so I can take it anywhere.
The screen is perfect for me to read all my favorite books.
This device has so many great features. I love how it stays charged for so long and the font can be enlarged for easier reading.
I love my kindle because it's so convenient when I want a new book. I can download it right away from the device and even check out books from the library. The battery lasts a long time. I've only charged it twice since I've had it and I read almost every night. I keep it on airplane mode to conserve extra battery.
Love the compact size, ease to read, ability to easily access library and back lighting makes this a great product.
I love the paperwhite! It took me a long time to get used to an e-reader, but the paperwhite won me over. The battery lasts forever. It has a light so you can read in bed. Font size is adjustable. It's SO lightweight, and it feels good in your hand. Great on your eyes. Easy to use. You can bring all the books you want with you when you travel. I have an android tablet, and an ipad, and I prefer to read the kindle paperwhite. No contest!
I love this Kindle. It syncs without needing to prompt for it, downloads new books quickly and the backlighting is effective even at low levels so I don't disturb my sleeping husband when I want to read in bed. Its compact and lightweight size make it easy to carry anywhere and comfortable to hold.
Love my new paperwhite Kindle reader . Easy to read anywhere with touch screen pages and built in light.
My wife and I love our kindles because they're great out in the sun on cruises, at the beach or when sitting on the couch.
Purchased as a birthday present for my brother and was an upgrade for a previous model. I did not use is but he loves it.
The paperwhite is so cool. I don't know why I didn't get it sooner.
Extremely easy to use and to purchase. The touch screen works well and the auto on-off is very helpful. Love the ability to just close and system is off and not using battery.
Easy to use...lightweight. Easy to read. prefer this font to that of ipad or computer
We bought this Kindle as a graduation gift for a relative and she loves it. It is easy to carry, fits in her purse and she has been able to easily load books on it! This was a perfect gift!
Love the ease to use,the back light, and the size. Previous kindle died after 10 years was worried I would not like the changes but now I read even more because of the ease of using and light.
Absolutely love it! Battery life lasts long and great screen with the back light.
I love the paper while kindle. I can read at night without a table light on.
Was reviewing offers across all the sites and ended buying from BestBuy. Service was fast as expected. Product was packed properly.
Love my Kindie Paperwhite - it's light weight and small enough to carry in my purse.
I got this for my teenage "son" who has really gotten into reading. The device is durable and easy to use. He is really happy to take a pile of books with him wherever he goes.
We have been looking into buying it for kids for some time and they love it
My first kindle. Really like it. Glad I bought it!
For those who truly just want an EReader, the kindle gets the job done. No glare , easy to use.
I bought this to replace an old model Kindle. The only reason was so that I could have a good reading light for bedtime reading. This Kindle accomplishes that very well.
Very easy and comfortable to use, almost use it every day. I would recommend this to anyone loves a book.
I absolutely LOVE the Kindle Paperwhite. The battery life is great - reading a half hour to an hour a day it lasts 2-3 weeks. Screen backlight is very easy on the eyes and adjustable in brightness. This is one of my best tech purchases.
I love my Kindle!! I have gotten so spoiled that if I can't get a book on my Kindle, I don't read it.
for those of us that truly just want to read literature and do not necessarily need to browse the web this is a must have.
Great product and excellent battery life. The backlight is an added bonus that I didn't know I need or wanted until I had.
Paper white is worth every penny! I was upgrading from the regular kindle to this and noticed that my eyes are more relaxed...
very convenient, perfect size and easy on the eyes. I never though I would stop reading paperbacks, but this makes reading a library of different books much more convenient.
Those who enjoy reading! Has great life span on the battery and enjoy having access to a interior light for easy reading.
Had glitches and screen-touch sensitivity issues with the previous kindle ( the basic kindle) however, this is definitely worth the cost for an upgrade above it. Very user friendly and hassle free.
The Paperwhite is so much easier to use than the classic Kindle. The Back light & touch screen are definitely worth the upgrade.
This is now my third kindle reader. I have been exceedingly impressed with them. The paper white is the best so far. So happy that I no longer need the bulky clip on lights to read at night!
This is my second kindle ...second paper white bought for my niece. Love the ease of reading without the distractions you get on tablets
I always read books on paper and thought it would not be the same to use a kindle, but now I'm totally happy with it. Thanks to it now I read more when commuting, traveling, ... as it is a very handy and light product.
I love this kindle and its screen which is good for low light reading and also in sunlight.
Super light and love the color. Very easy too carry around :)
I bought this Kindle Paperwhite for my wife for her birthday. She doesn't always have an easy time with technology, so I wanted to make sure that it was simple to use. The Paperwhite was very easy to set up and she downloaded two books the first day, one from the library and one purchased. She now takes it everywhere with her and loves it. Mission Accomplished.
This is the greatest reader! Its super light weight, fast at downloading books and very user friendly. I have charged it once in the 2 months I have had it. Excellent battery life.
The greatest kindle I have ever owned, Would be great for kids also
I love the fact, I can read in bed at night, and the backlight is adjustable so it does not bother my husband sleeping. Only negative is it takes a few longer seconds then I would like to power off.
I like this reader. It is very easy to load books onto it, even from my local library. It's easy to adjust the font and size. It keeps track of your place in the book. You can choose what language you want the dictionary in which makes it great to read something in a foreign language. You can set it up so that when you select a word, it will give you the translation.
Got this for my wife. Uses it everyday and performs great regardless of where your reading just like it's suppose to
I purchased this Kindle for a friend. In fact, it's the third Kindle I have purchased for friends. It's light and can be used at the beach or in the dark. It's easy to use and worth the money.
Easy to operate once you get the hang of it! Loooooove that it lights up so no reading light is needed. I love reading so I don't need the games, movies etc that the Fire has.
It's a surprise to getting this kindle in this price. And it's a great device to read books.
I love this item because my three children can use it ages 11 to 15. The screen is fenomenal.
We still have one of the original Kindles, and the upgraded features on the new Kindle are great: being able to change the brightness, able to read it in the dark, seeing page numbers in addition to % completed. This Kindle seemed easier to use and more intuitive than the original.
I have had a paperwhite kindle before and I wore it out. I love the paperwhite so much I bought another one. its my 3rd kindle. loved them all. no better way then to read with the paperwhite and not bother your bed mate.
This Kindle is awesome! Put off getting one for way too long. Light weight and cute. Fits in a purse or bag and you hardly know it is there. Reading is simple and easy. Downloading books is a breeze! Don't hesitate to get this Kindle. You will love it.
I didn't need to review the product because I alread had one. I purchased the kindle for my wife for our anniversary and she loves it. The best part is you can read it outside in the bright sun or inside .We rarely buy paper books anymore!
Battery life is excellent. Lasts days. No glare when reading outside
It is my first e-reader then I cannot compare it with others. However, in comparison to tablets, the most importance thing is you enjoy reading your book without any eyestrain.
I purchased it with a discounted price and now it seems pretty worthy and durable. Kindle's the best and most comfortable e-reader for my everyday use. I love it and put it in my bag everyday.
Wife is happy. As they say happy wife, happy life.
I prefer the deficated e-readers to tablets for reading. I have both this Paoerwhite and a current-gen Nook Glow Light. I really like the Glow Light  especially its rugged construction  and I still use it, but the Paperwhite is better.The Glow Light has no bevel and a touch-sensitive button on the front. This means I am constantantly turning the page or returing to the home screen by accident. It's very annoying, and I have a hard time finding a comfortable way to hold it. It seems like I'm always thinking about where my fingers are. I do not have this problem at all on the Paperwhite.The Paperwhite is a great little reader for the money. I would definitely buy another.
This is a great reading tool. Works great under strong light
Kindle is perfect for reading, this white version is really attractive to me
Kindle is still the top ereader. My first one finally "wore" out from years of daily use. It was so light to hold and to travel with. Battery life was great and it was so easy to read in daylight. This updated model is so much better. The backlight is a great improvement and is such a delight to use at night while reading in bed. This basic model is really all you need for reading books
It's small enough to fit in my purse with ease. The back lighting works well in darker areas and i just love using it.
This is the kindle to buy. Great resolution and a backlight is great. The higher end Kindle's don't justify the price difference. Use it all time time and love it.
I'm very happy with this kindle. Is light and easy to carry everywhere. I like to read at nights and this is way better than having a light on.
Love it!! I have had other readers and this is the best one by far!
Awesome. I love to read and I use it everyday. Easy to read at night in dark.
My late stepmother had a Kindle Fire that she used to read her electronic novels and my wife loved how much easier they were to read than on the iPads. Lots of great reviews of the Kindle Paperwhite so this will be a great Christmas gift this year!
The light is adjustable and easy on the eyes. A great way to read without disturbing your partner.
My wife has a regular tablet but screen is not good for outside reading at the beach or pool. Got her theKindle Paperwhite and she is thrilled. Great purchase!
Got as a gift for my wife and she loves it. Easy to read in dim lit room plus the battery life on it is amazing
She loves her kindle and reads it every night. I am Looking forward to seeing her face when she opens this in a couple weeks - better screen and WiFi that works. The old one lost WiFi connection in an update or something but works with USB, its about 4 years old. Even with those issues she loves the old one. So this one is going to be spectacularly awesome and the new screen and features are gonna be so appreciated....
Perfect reader. Low back light means no eye fatigue. Could read all day and night if anyone wrote something new and interesting
Got this for my mother in law and she loves it. It's easy on your eyes and it is very user friendly.
love this kindle. love the backlight in screen as well can read at night in bed without disturbing my husband
I absolutely love my Kindle Paperwhite. I especially love the fact that the light doesn't bother my husband at night while I am reading in bed.
I love how clear and bright the display is. Also love how light it is.
Great item for book readers. Very happy with purchase as i love to read.
This is my first e-reader. It makes reading fun again. With Prime reading and my local library, I have many free reading options available to me. Easy to read in both bright sunshine and in the dark. Get one!
I looked around at multiple e-readers and am so glad I chose the kindle paperwhite. It is very easy to read from and the backlighting still let's me read without having to turn on a light. I greatly enjoy it and certainly recommend it!
Contemplated getting a Kindle Paperwhite for several months before purchasing. My Kindle Paperwhite is fantastic! It is light-weight, easy to handle, and worth every penny I paid for it. The first thing I did was download (free) books I never had the opportunity to read.... mainly classics, books on philsophy, government, and leadership. I love that I can take it with me and read to my heart's content. Made a great decision when I made this purchase.
I am so happy with my new Kindle. The ability to use it in bed or lowlight is great without disturbing my wife. The download is fast and easy.
This was a gift for my wife, and she loves it! The battery life is excellent, the resolution is great and it is light weight in her bag for the daily commute. Only knock is that it does not include a wall charger connection, just the USB cord, but that is very minor.
Love to use it everyday. Inside light is useful at night
Great price on toothbrush. Been using a couple weeks and see results aready.
I read lots and this one is the best so far!!!!!!!
I have a kindle paperwhite 2 before and just updated my machine. The recent machine presents much more clear and reaches 300 ppi. Besides the price is much more welcome
I love the paperwhite. I had one of the first versions of the kindle that had the keyboard and loved it. Only downfall was it was not backlit. The paperwhite is and it is awesome!
With no need for a tablet here, this was perfect!!! Love that the pages softly glow.
I have enjoyed reading my books on this reading device. I recommend it to everyone I know
Even better price. The paperwhite is awesome! Buy it!
bought for my friends, but good enough! why need so many comments?
As a book snob/purist - I put off buying a kindle for ages. After doing a lot of travelling and lugging around paperbacks, I decided it was time to grow up and get over it. While it may not have the satisfaction of turning a physical page, it makes up for it by weighing practically nothing, only having to have one hand free and being able to read it outdoors. Battery life is amazing - will last over a month with moderate use. Have been trying to convince all the other book lovers in my family to get one!.
I purchased the reader for my wife to replace her old reader. The old reader was the 1st edition. The paperwhite is amazing. It is much lighter and the page is much clearer. My wife is an avid reader and really loves her Kindle.
Great product. Love that I can download Kindle Unlimited and read for $9.99 per month....a great savings.
This makes reading really easy! Great gift for the book reader in your life.
I like the paper white for reading because it doesn't have the glare like all the tablets with color and it makes reading feel like you are reading from a paper book without all the weight
Anti-glare is awesome. Clear and bright. Touchscreen is nice!
Very easy to use and it's everything that I wanted and thought it would be
I can read it outside in the sunshine and get a tan and enjoy a good book!!!
This is the best gift a reader can receive. Easy to use.
I bought this for one of my friends who loves reading books. I have to say this product is wonderful because it looks like real paper. very comfortable reading experience. It is also very light, beyond my expectation. I recommend this.
Amazing for travel or being able to read when your partner turns out the lights.
amazing good quality great sound incredible range love it
I purchased as a replacement E-Reader to my Alurek. I could not download E-books on to my new MacBook and do not want to read books on my MacBook. I love the size, feel and back light of the Paper White. Glad I purchased it.
I love this tablet. It is great for indoor reading as well as outdoors. The back lighting makes it ideal for indoor spaces that are not well lit.
Great with no or low light, good battery life syncs easy
The Kindle Paperwhite is easy to use and great for reading outdoors.
I've had several Kindles in the past. Really love the paperwhite because of the light and being able to read outside
Great for outside reading. My iPad has been good too with the kindle app but can't see well in bright light. This fixes that.
Great reader, bought it for my wife at a great price.
The paperwhite feature works great. Can read books in a room with low light
I purchased this reader for my wife who is constantly reading. My wife currently has a Kindle Fire HD 7" which she loves, but it is not the best for reading poolside where there is a lot of sunlight. I wanted to get her something that was easier to read in direct sunlight so she could enjoy her relaxing time even more.
It's a great product, but giving the price, you can find the same thing in the form of a cheap tablet that does more. Still a solid product tho
I had it for two months and I start loving to read.
It's doing a great job .. just go for it without doubt..
You can use Wi-Fi anywhere that it's available. Lots of choices
Great reader with incredible battery lifeWould Def buy again
Bought a second Kindle so my wife would stop using mine. Outstanding product.. Easy to download books and the book prices are reasonable.
This is the perfect option for me. I can have more than one book at my disposal, yet it's lightweight and easy to carry. The print is easy on the eyes, too..
This reader is a gift to my daughter for Christmas. She said that it works great at the beach!
Awesome! Perfect for all readers. The backlight is great for reading in bed.
This is so perfect for reading. If you only want it for reading, then I would most definitely get this. I can read for hours on it, in light and in the dark. It's super easy to buy books and download books. Favorite Christmas purchase!
Bought this Kindle for our grandchild and he loves it.For anyone who just loves to read this size and weight is perfect!!!!
I love Kindle e-readers. In fact I had purchased 4 paperwhites over the years. The design is absolutely amazing. It is my most favorite device for long reading. Tablets like iPad are no comparison on this. I also believe this is the best gifts for kids.
Awesome reader. Great light control to read in bed at night within waking your Partner.
Very goodWas undecided between new PaperWhite and Voyage models and doing a lot of research to see which one is best. Based on some personal analysis on in-store samples, I felt the Voyage has nothing more price worthy than what new PW could offer with lesser $$$. If you are undecided like me, don't worry about the gimmicks of voyage, go for PW..
I had an older kindle that I still love but it didn't have the backlight. This one is lighter weight and has the backlight making it perfect to carry with me everywhere I go. So delighted that my husband thought to get this as a Christmas present for me to enjoy!
Love to read and this little thing is perfect. I carry it everywhere. I read all the reviews and was on the fence since I used my phone or Kindle Fire to read but the lighting on the paperwhite is so much better for my eyes and the size is great.. Love this and highly recommend.
Love it. You can read without diestraftions of notifications as you would from your phone.
My kids have owned the kindle fire for over 4 years. It was time for them to be more focused on reading and this is one of the best dreaded out there. Kids love the device and they can quickly borrow books from the city library.
This is what e-readers should be like. Page turning is quick, the backlight is amazing. Reading in bed at night is perfect with this. I take it with me everywhere.
Excellent product I love the back light on my kindle
I have been very pleased with the Whitepaper e-reader so far. Good battery life and easy to use.
I loved me previous Kindle but always had to keep light on to read in the dark. The backlight on this makes it so much easier to read in the dark, it's not too bright and battery goes for about two weeks. The resolution is higher too, font looks crisp and sharp.
My Grandaughter loves it! Found it easy to understand and can read anywhere she likes.Great product!
Really like the Kindle Paperwhite. Easy to handle, easy to read, easy to access my books. Recommend.
I have enjoyed a Kindle Reader for years. If you think your phone works just as well, you probably have never tried a Kindle Reader. When my last one began to fade, I hit the reviews and then bought this one. I would rather pay a bit more and have all the features that I want, than go for the best value for money to save a few bucks and have buyer's regret. In this case they are both the same.
Love this item, kindle with the light is so totally worth it
This kindle was very good and I enjoyed it a lot, i love it.
Easy to replace old Kindle. Like larger screen and light
The Kindle is a great reader. This works even in full sunlight.
I bought this as a gift for my wife, it's the perfect size for commuting on the train, battery is amazing, and so easy to use!
Excellent product at the right price. For those with light sensitivity, this product is perfect.
It's easy to use and carry while traveling. The battery charge is good for a week that is also great.
Had previously been using third gen kindle (2011) but this paperwhite is a great upgrade. Love the backlight and new font.
Perfect gift for my dad, he loves to read. He is in love with Kindle.
Bought this for my wife for Christmas after reading the reviews. Hands down the best e-reader for the price.
It is my third kindle. The reading experience with kindle is always good.
I brought this one, because that one I had still working but couldn't sign up online.
Makes book downloading and reading easy as ever. So compact and lightweight too.
As usual, Amazon does a great job of making the Kindle - this was for my wife and replaced her previous Kindle. Awesome product.
I love the paper white because Ican read it if I am out in the sun especially at the beach.
Bought one for my wife and my daughter who is in college. They both love them. easy to use, great screen and endless choices of material to read.
This was my first kindle purchase and I'm glad I waited. The battery life is awesome rarely do I have to charge it. It's also really easy to purchase more books. Also the white pages are easy on the eyes whether it's night or daytime.
The screen is well lit and easy to read. The compact size is also quite nice.
Easy to use and set up! Package and arrival as great through Best Buy!
bought this during black Friday, best deal ever. would recommeded people
Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite - White works great my wife has had the this item for a year and is still going strong. Great way to read books.
I bought this as a gift for my grandmother. I debated between the Basic Kindle or the Paperwhite and chose the Kindle Paperwhite. She loves it! It's very basic and easy for her to navigate. Everything is straight forward. The Kindle Paperwhite is nice because of it being backlite she can read in the dark or ever outside in the direct sunlight. There is no glare whatsoever. The size perfect for her hands and do not get sore or achy as if she was reading a paperback book. If your looking for a device strictly for reading purposes only get the Kindle Paperwhite. Overall, I and my grandmother are greatly impressed with this product. I had my doubts at first due to never using a product like this, but im considering getting myself one.
This Kindle Paperwhite is great. it stores plenty of books and has a screen that is easy to read. It is even easy to read outside in the sunlight. I also like how compact, light and easy it is to travel with.
Delivery great handling and use for those wanting a natural reading device instead of the glitter of some technologies
Excellent product. KINDLE/Amazon has an extensive library of books to choose from. Love the Back light. Light weight and excellent for travel when you don't want the weight of books but want your books to read.
I love it I can read anywhere day or night and my kids can read on it too
Item arrived as described. No damages and fast shipping.
Very easy to use,Great selection of titles to download. Screen is very easy to read
Two of the best features are the small profile of this eReader and the ability to read it in bright sunlight. It is easy to carry and is ideal for outdoor/beach reading.
Bought the Kindle Paperwhite as a gift for a friend. He loves it and uses it daily. It's great for reading outside during the day, even in the South Florida sun, and the adjustable lighting is great for reading at night or in dim lighting.
I have been on the fence for quite some time about getting a dedicated e-reader. Like many, I didn't want to spend money and yet another device. However, review after review always mentions that where the value in the Kindle is in the distraction-free reading experience and having finally purchased one, I wholeheartedly agree with this as well. The Kindle Paperwhite is light weight and is easy to carry around. This is my first Kindle since the 2nd gen, and I'm impressed by the speed and screen quality. The lighting on the Paperwhite is a huge benefit and is not at all distracting while reading.
i knew what i was buying and it was everything as described, love my kindle best part it fits perfect in the palm of my hand, very convenient to use
At this moment perfect and close to book eReader in todays world. Your eyes won't harm you. Nice deal in Bestbuy
This Kindle is great and easy for me to Read books that I wanted to do a long time
Best kindle ever, great for readings, the charger sold separately
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my teenage son. He's been very pleased with it. The battery lasts long, it is small and light enough to fit in his jacket pocket, and the selection of books is awesome. Great product.
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife and I'm glad she shares. It's a pleasure to read books and it's great that either of us can read in a dark bedroom without disturbing the other.
The paper white is easy to use and the built in light is great.
Unlike my Kindle 2nd generation which requires an external light to read, the Paperwhite can be used in the dark.
I've had a Kindle Keyboard 3G for years but picked this up for the backlight feature. It's just as good as expected from a Kindle device and I don't miss the physical keyboard at all.
Bought kindle for a gift as the one my daughter had 5 years ago starting not to work right. She loves this rader and got good reviews about it.
i had a black one, however, the white color is so attractive. when i got it, it is so beautiful
Love that I can read this at night, with the lights off, or have it tucked (snugly) in my jacket pocket on the go. Wonderful device with great battery life.
I can read it no matter how sunny it is outside. I have a kindle fire for inside and paperwhite for outside.
I got this for Christmas and love reading books on it. You get no glare and my eyes do not get tired. I previously used an ipad which was too bright and tired out my eyes. This reminds me of the real papers from a book.
Bought this for my teenage daughter and she loves it! Gets to read all the time with out the strain on her eyes. Battery lasts for weeks!
I am enjoying my Kindle Paperwhite. Its easy to use and I love the backlit format.
The perfect gift paired with an amazon gift card for books and a case
I had a Kindle. I loved it. The screen broke, I bought this as a replacement. I am impressed by the resolution and the backlight is awesome.
We liked the newest model over the other models. The price was good during the holidays.
Christmas present for the spouse which she asked for. Happy wife equals happy life.
I love the updated features with this kindle. Although I did like the length of the Fire.
They are the best choice for everybody in the family i bought for my family and they truly live it and it was a great supper dooper deal.
Very easy to use! Comfortable and easy to see screen. Lots of books to choose from.
Great e-reader. Has an awesome battery life, great for traveling or hanging at home. So awesome to have thousands of books available to you. I feel like book prices on ereaders have been rising, and that's unfortunate. I have two at home and I love them though!
I really like my kindle. It is so gentle on my eyes. I don't have to charge it as often either. Lots of great features, highlighting especially is useful as it saves it to a new ' my clippings' file.
I used visa checkout for this kindle, so it's a bargain. Also, the product is amazing.
Light weight, easy for him to order the books he wants, and he has read 6 books since Christmas! He loves it!
Love my kindle paperwhite! Take it everywhere! Light enough to hold or carry, fits in most purses. Can read outside in bright sunlight, has built in adjustable backlight for reading in bed & not disturbing yourbedmate. Lots of storage & battery life is excellent. Highly recommend for purchase if you are looking for a black & white reader only!
the kindle is nice and well packaged. It delivered so fast!
Ordering this online to pick up at the store was easy until I got to the store where, as usual, there were workers standing around yet I had to wait several minutes for someone to address me at the pickup desk then I had to wait to pay for it at the registers. I would have thought I could purchase it at the pickup center. Honestly, if it weren't for the increased risk of stolen delivery items during the Christmas season, I probably would have gone with Amazon to purchase the Kindle. (The price was the same through both retailers.)
i bought this for my friend and he loved it. He was looking forward to this a couple of years ago.
Very Rice Product and My Wife loves it. It is a great git for book lovers.
Quick and easy setup impressed me. I bought this as a gift for my mom. Within 3 minutes she had the device registered, connected to her WiFi and downloading her Amazon book collection. Seeing the device made me want one for myself!
This kindle is totally worth buying. Does not have all the fancy bells and whistles that will almost never be used but has exactly what you need to just enjoy a good read.
I did my research, and this was the tablet I wanted. It was a smooth transaction. The only thing was that I couldn't purchase it "without special offers" from anywhere other than Amazon direct. I opted to purchase it from Best Buy "with special offers" because of the price. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that I could choose to have the "special offers" removed after purchase. I had to pay additionally for this option, but it could be done. None of the reviews I read mentioned that this was possible. I suppose this could change this at any time, but at the time I am writing this, it is an option.I saved delivery time by purchasing at Best Buy and paid minimally later to have the special offers removed.
This is my second Kindle. The improvements over the older generation Kindles is huge. This Kindle is thin and light, I put it in my pocketbook and take it all over. The backlight is handy when needed. The screen clarity is excellent. Great device.
Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite - BlackVery cool, light weight and easy to use. Thank you.
The paper white version of Kindle is much easier to read than the older ones.Very happy with the quality and ease of use.
I bought one once before for my mother and this product is amazing. I recently bought another to replace my girlfriend's Nook. Is amazing how good this e-readers performs, the battery life and versatility.
Has great features and is a very reliabe product by Amazon.
I was concerned that I was wasting my money because I already have an iPad. I was WRONG! I LOVE IT!
It was so easy to set up the first time and add books. Easy to read clear screen and big words.
I bought this before I went on vacation to Florida and it was great for reading in the sun!
Kindle paper white is a fantastic e-reader. It has great contrast, is easy on the eyes, and the backlight is just right for reading in darker environments.
Everyone in the family now owned one.Works well and easy to read in the sun
Although I really like having a physical book to hold onto, I really like being able to travel with this and not have the bulk of several real books. It also make borrowing books from my local library really easy.
The price is really attractive, and kindle is good to use.
I had to do OS upgrade immediately after purchase and the process is manual. Would have been better if the OS can upgrade itself similar to iOS or Android. OS thing aside, I love this device and its worth the money.
Perfect all around reader, great price and service
The Kindle Paperwhite is lightweight and easy on the eyes. It's the first device to allow me to read with as much comfort as an actual book.
I have enjoyed my Kindle Paperwhite very, very much. It is an excellent eReader for me as my eyesight isn't what it used to be and the backlight really helps is keeping the text readable especially in low light situations. It was a wonderful Christmas present from my dear spouse.
I love the light built into this Kindle. I have had the basic Kindle for years but it's difficult to read in a room that is not well lit. Love the new and improved Kindle!
This little thing is great very light and the clarity is just right, I like the way it adjusts to light.
Been a Kindle fan since 1.0. Keeps getting better. I thought the original Paperwhite was perfect however the extra storage and speed are needed and a welcome addition.
I purchased the Kindle Paperwhite and it is really great. No glare, keeps power for a very long time, and lightweight. I love it.
My is addicted to it. Every spare moment she is reading books on her Kindel. We both buy books using our Kindles. We like to talk about our thoughts and impressions as we read them together.
I have no idea why I insisted on paper books for so long. This is so easy and awesome!
Great battery life and having the back lit screen allows you to read in dim or no light.
Brought reading inside, outside in the bright sunlight and even bedtime reading back into view! Great product and a must have !
It is light to hold. It does work great in the sunlight, which is the reason I bought this product. I used the Kindle app on other devices.
This is the best gift I think I ever got my girlfriend. She uses it everyday and reads more than ever! She loves it!!
I'm a big outdoor reader, so the paperwhite is perfect for me.
Very good purchase for the price and back lit option is really usefult o read at night without having to have the lights on
The Kindle is easy to use, has a bright back light and travels conveniently in a coat pocket.
The Kindle is so easy to read in all lighting situations. The E-Ink screen is responsive and quick to touch controls.
Enjoying being able to see the words on the kindle everywhere. Being able to dim is also a wonderfuI feature
This is a easy friendly e-book for everyone in your family
This purchase was a no-brainer. The Kindle Paper white is all you need for an e-reader. Plus with Amazon you have an opportunity for many free e-books.
I was not sure about making the jump to an e-reader vs. books, but now I just can't put it down. It is easy on the eyes and I can download new titles instantly. It is great
I have a kindle fire, but I wanted something that was less of a strain on my eyes.I love my Kindle Paperwhite. It is simple and easy and I'm able to use my fire as a tablet!
I wanted to buy it long time ago, the price I bought in best buy is good for me. Of course, the quality is good.
This new kindle is smaller than the large one I had. It is made for easy reading. Definitely very happy with this updated version
I use to have the original but it didn't light up so it was a deal breaker for me. Now I can read anywhere at anytime!
The PaperWhite was the perfect upgrade to my older Kindle that required a light in order to read in low light conditions.
My wife is really happy with this as it has the option to have the paper look or be backlit for reading in the dark! She got the white one and loves the fact it gets free books since e are Amazon prime members.
I have had my Kindle Paperwhite for over a month now and I absolutely love it. The screen adjustment to match the room lighting is great and it is much faster and responsive than the older Kindle my wife has. It is so lightweight and comfortable to hold. One of the best parts is the battery last for weeks even with heavy use.
Love this Kindle. You can adjust the font.It reads well outside no problems with sunlight. Best purchase.
The amazon kindle paperwhite is perfect for reading before bed and anywhere really. The paperwhite is lightweight and easy to use. The paperwhite allows me to read my saved books from the amazon kindle app from anywhere.
Love the simplicity of the Paperwhite and the soft light backlight. I can read much longer with this and in many more places. It's very light and downloads are easy and fast.
Love the Paperwhite, easy to read in any light, easy to carry.
The Kindle Paperwhite is the best bang for your buck when it comes to purchasing an E-reader.
I bought this as a present for someone and they were delighted. They love that it is compact and easy to use.
Super easy to set up and absolutely worth the money.
Love the size, ease of use and book suggestions that appear when starting!
The kindle paperwhits is great! It hold a charge for two weeks or more which is awesome. It's great to read in the sun and in darker areas or at night because of the backlit screen. Like how small and compact it is. Would def recommends getting one if you enjoy reading.
This is my first e-reader and i am very happy. It is easy to read and loading books is a breeze. Highly recommended.
We weren't crazy about the idea of getting another portable electronic device that distracted her from her schoolwork. 5th graders need to read much more than previous years and the Paperwhite not only encourages reading but eliminates the clutter that occurs from many paperbacks. The screen is the perfect size, lighting more than adequate, and the functionality is ideal.
I bought this for my wife for Christmas she had the original Kindle and it broke after years of use. At first she was disappointed that the screen was so small, but now that she's been using it she loves it ! Much easier to hold and flip pages !
It was a great gift for daughter in law. She loves it.
I am able to read in any sort of light and able to change the font size.
I bought it as a gift for my husband and he loves it! The picture quality & the non-glare is his favorite.
This kindle is by far the best one I've had. I have zero complaints.
I love the kindle reader. It is great when traveling to have books to read without having to carry around multiple books. Also very easy to read outside
I've had several kindles over the years and this is by far the best one yet! I love the paper white and will never go back to anything else. I use it everywhere! You will not regret this purchase!
This is my second kindle purchase. The first is still working fine just not backlit or paper white. The clarity is great, good size, and lightweight for extended reading. No bells and whistles, just easy and convenient reading.
Had the kindle 7th gen with no backlight and upgraded to the paperwhite. Was one of the best decisions I've made. You don't even notice that there IS a backlight because it blends in so well, and compared to the 7th gen is a night-and-day difference. Buy this, you will not regret it.
Perfect size and easy on the eyes. None of that bright light that tables have to blind you in the evening.
Works great. Is a good upgrade for those who have a regular kindle. Terrific for low light reading.
I transitioned from an unneeded iPad to this Kindle. The pages are incredibly clear, even during the day. However, you obviously cannot surf the web with this tablet. It's only for reading.
This is my second kindle. It is definitely a significant upgrade. It has great resolution and the non glare for use outside it great . The smaller size is much better.
you can read in any light. nice, especially at night when you don't want to disturb anyone. even outside in the daylight
It is a joy to read. I love the nonglare. The size. Everything about it.
The Kindle is the best E Reader on the market. Bright screen and great selection of books
So easy to read. No glare. Lightweight. Best e reader ever
My best friend loved this kindle. She loves reading books and she certainly love this Kindle. She can read books anywhere she wants without having to carry her books individually. If you are a book lover, like she is, then you will love this.
The white background makes it easier to read a book. The small size makes it easy to take on the go.
great Kindle. Very easy to use and download books and read
Bought as a gift and person that received the Kindle has really enjoyed it.
great reader for bed or the beach. definitely a must pack on vacation.
I bought this as a present for my wife. She loves to read. Since she got it a month ago she has finished 3 books. Great product! My wife loves having access to books immediately!
Love my kindle paperwhite! Love the no glare and small enough to be held with one hand!!!
Love it makes reading a pleasure. Easy on eyes, able to take anywhere, simple to use.
Lightweight, perfect size. Love the built in light.
I purchased this as a replacement for an original Kindle. It's a great reader that works everywhere.
The size is nice it's light weight no glare When outside in the day great for night reading too
Great for road trips and bright enough to read with by the pool.
I bought this grudgingly as a way to read in bed without a light that bothered my wife. As it turns out I'm really glad I did. The light is adjustable and the "print" is crisp and clear. Even better is the ability to enlarge the print which has been helpful to my old eyes. There is a great ebook selection available from the library and many cheap books available on Amazon.
Nice product and excellent quality very convenient
I am amazed by the touch quality and the feel of the page turning.
The kindle paper white works perfectly. The battery life is amazing!
The kindle paper white is just like reading a book
As a ebooker reader this is absolutely best in the market right now, very easy to use. Now the only downside is the feeling of touch screen is too rough.
This was the best purchase I've made in a while. The text quality it excellent and the back-lighting is a real plus.
Got it as a gift. The text of the ebooks werr crisp and very easy on the eyes. Usually with ths kindle app on ipad we distracted onto other apps or browsing but kindle helped overcome this issue. Highly recommend for anyone looking for ebook reader with good quality content library of books.
This was purchased to replace my 3rd gen Kindle Keyboard. The backlight is a great feature and even though I miss having page turn buttons, it was worth the cost savings to forego them.
I had the old kindle with no back light .. this new one was a great price .. I still use both but this is great on a plane or in bed at night when I can just turn it off and I don't have to get up and turn my light off
The lighting of the Paperwhite did not present any issues with glare - easy on eyes, even while wearing sunglasses outdoors.
The bright screen and lightweight design make this ereader ideal for reading in just about any setting.
A must for someone who loves to read. Great to carry arounnd!
The Kindle is great for taking on a plane trip or just having something to read while you're waiting in the doctor's office. And there's a great selection of books online.
I can't say how happy I am with this purchase. No worries of lighting, or holding a book open. All my books stored in this kindle which opens up lots of space in my home. Easy & light to carry.
Got this as a gift for my wife after she just about wore out her old Kindle. She only wants it to read so it didn't make sense to get the other versions. This one does exactly what she wants and she can use it to read anywhere, indoors or outside.
I got this as a Christmas present. Had wondered if it really was so easy on the eyes and good in different lighting. Much better than I had hoped!
Nice easy to read display, quick downloads of content. Reads great in bright sunlight and dark rooms.
The Kindle Paperwhite is my first ereader and I love it. It works as advertised and is very easy to navigate. I haven't tried it in bright sunlight yet but have had no difficulty seeing the screen in all other situations. It is lightweight and easy to hold. I have a cover on it which I find increases the grip.
great for reading outside in the sun, or in dark rooms. very easy on the eyes.
This kindle is lightweight and a great travel, break and extra free time companion. You can read it anywhere. Love it!
I specifically got this Kindle for reading outside without glare.
It was really nice to be able to find this at retail, in a store. The one we had been using died while on a trip. It made getting a new one really easy. They even carried both a white as well as a black coloured model.
What a difference it makes to read from the paperwhite instead of iphone!
I bought the paperwhite for my mother for christmas. It was very easy to set up and excellent that you had it on Christmas eve!
I love the fact that you can go on line, browse titles, make a selection and have the book immediately. No travel to a book store, no waiting for online ordered books to arrive. Kindle purchases are available immediately upon purchase... Back lighting is excellent and the ability to adjust font size is great. Holds a charge for a couple of weeks of moderate reading. Definitely a good product.
I have been a kindle owner for years, the original kindle had be great but I hated the absence of a backlight. and the kindle fire was similar to reading on my phone with hurting my eyes. so when the paperwhite was released I was intrigued. I finally received this as a Christmas gift and it's perfect. the battery can lasts weeks on a charge. There's no glare. my eyes never hurt. this is perfect for anyone who just wants to read ebooks. there is no headphone or speaker so audio books will not be able to be used. when typing the letters are a bit leggy but you get used to it. I did have a problem registering my amazon account but was able to contact amazon via chat and they fixed it within 5 min. definitely worth the money, I can now have books with me at all times.
I bought this for my mom she is an avid reader she has nothing but the best comments about this paper white kindle so im gonna have to say this product is amazing for your self or as a gift for some 1 that reads alot.
I purchased this product based on the reviews of no glare and its ease of use. Both are true.
This is the only way to read a book now! I love it.
I replaced a lost e-reader on the plane with a new one.
This was a gift for my elderly mother-in-law. She is thrilled with the fact that she can pull up any book she wants, at anytime, as she is an avid reader. It is also very easy for her to use, a BIG plus!
Had a gen 1 Kindle and so glad I moved up to this. Great for outdoor sunny reading. A must have !
Love it, it's very easy to use and great for travel!
Bought for my wife as Christmas present. She has early version of Kindle. She likes how little it weighs, and doesn't need a cover with separate light. She also likes swiping to turn pages rather than pushing a button. It is easy to read and has adjustable fonts.Only negative is after downloading a book, she has to search for it, rather than it automatically appearing on list of books.
This was an upgrade from old Kindle. Screen is great and love the size of the screen.
This was an upgrade from my original Kindle. I love the backlight screen! Even though the device is smaller than the original Kindle, I'm somehow able to read the font without my glasses. The battery life on this model is much longer too.
I love Paper Books but my eyes do not like reading them. This E Reader is fantastic! I take it with me everywhere and Read in any light. Love Love Love this item!
X'mas gift for my wife, and she love it! She loves the backlight that doesn't hurt your eye compare to an iPad.
The kindle essentially gives you a library in your hands. You can read for hours on 1 charge.
As a gift for a friend, it works very well for the countries which have corresponding Amazon service such as China.
This is my first E-reader and I couldn't be happier. It's the perfect size for me and I love the way I can adjust the brightness and the font.
The light and white page allows me to read in bed without disturbing my spouse.
I love kindle paper white , as it is lightweight , and the feeling is the same as reading a book because of the background color ,
The kindle paper white is amazing. I love that there is. No glare for outdoor use and the backlit is perfect for reading in bed.
My wife is an avid reader and loves the Kindle. She has tried other tablets but none are as good as the paperwhite Kindle. This is the one she carries in her purse to pull out read during waits for doctors.
I picked up a regular kindle touch a few months ago thinking I'd be fine with it. Lately my schedule is only allowing me to read in the evenings when its already darker out, and I don't like having to keep all the lights on to read. Decided to pull the trigger on one of these Paperwhites, and yep, wish I'd gone this route to begin with. The increased pixel count plus the built in light makes this thing a joy over the regular Kindle. Makes it a lot easier on my eyes and for that alone I recommend it!
Purchased for 8y/o. Appears and feels well-built. Plastic screen vs. glass on higher-end Kindle models should prove more child resistant. Screen is recessed below frame edges, which also helps mitigate catastrophic damage in the event of a fall. Battery life is very good. Several books read at moderate brightness and still over 50% battery available. The screen has very good contrast ratio. In daylight, the backlight is completely unnecessary. The backlight is bright, and still soft enough to not induce extra eye strain. Highly recommended for any bookworm, young or just young at heart!
This was a gift for my wife, she had a previous version, and she loved the upgrade to tjis new version.
I originally purchased the Paper White and after a week of that, I decided to upgrade to the Voyage for a couple reasons. 1) Perhaps my phone has made me lazy but I've grown accustomed to auto-brightness. It's something that I don't even really think of at all... until you have to manually adjust it. The Voyage is currently the only Kindle that automatically adjusts the brightness of the screen. I've read reviews that question the efficacy of it, and those people tend to say it's hit or miss. I humbly submit that that is because it's a 'smart' auto-brightness that adjusts to your preferences at certain light levels. For instance if you're in a dimly lit room and the screen is too bright for you there, and you manually turn it down a few notches the next time you're in that room, the Kindle will remember what your screen brightness preference was at that light level and adjust. I have had NO problems with this feature and consider it the most indispensable feature on the Kindle. It's brilliant.2) Page turn haptic buttons. These are great, and allow me to not need to move my hand at all to turn a page, I simply squeeze. I do wish they had been placed slightly higher on the device as I find I've needed to adjust my grip lower than I normally would have held on to the device. It's very nice having the option to not need to swipe the page to turn it.3) The flush screen. This makes a big difference to me - I was not a fan of the recessed screen on the Paper White and even the Nook has a flush screen! Amazon really needs to introduce waterproof Kindles and a flush screen is going to be necessary for that. This is also my only negative about the device - the screen appears to be slightly more reflective than the Paper White and I've heard (wether it's true or not) that is because the Voyage has a glass screen, while the Paper White has plastic? I'm not sure, but the ONLY time I notice this is when I'm reading the the sun is directly behind me. I may need to tilt the screen 5 degrees in any direction and it's easily readable again.4) The general design is sleeker and feels better in my hand than the Paper White. This also allows the device to be slightly lighter than the Paper White, which is always a good thing.To recap - This is the ONLY Kindle to feature the auto-brightness feature (not even the Oasis has it--probably to save on weight) and in my opinion a worthy upgrade over the Paper White.
great product! I love kindle e-readers! is light, fast and excellent.
Love this kindle - the press side page turner is great.
I have both the Kindle Voyage and the low end Kindle Fire.While the $50.00 Fire is an amazing deal, for serious readin,g the Kindle Voyage is far easier on the eyes and has superior resolution. Now, it lacks many of the features of the less expensive Fire, such as color and online with Wifi; as a reader it is well organized and a pleasure.Truthfully, it isn't a whole lot better than the Paperwhite. It has a feature or two, but I'm not sure it's worth the extra 60 dollars. It is still an excellent device.
Purchased after theft in Seattle. It was on sale and works great.
This is so far the best Kindle I have ever owned. I love the screen and the resolution on it. The device out performs all of the other e readers on the market.
The resolution on this screen is amazing and is so close to an actual printed page.
I bought this for my kids and very happy with that.
I am extremely happy with my new Kindle Voyage. The text is so sharp and crisp, the images look much better than on the Kindle Paperwhite. The device is extremely light and comfortable to hold, The adaptive front light works great. I have an iPad with the Kindle app, but the reading experience is so much better on my Kindle Voyage that don't regret the purchase one bit.
I have a previous version of the Kindle, but this one surpasses it in every way, from the resolution to the automatic brightness display. Recommend it highly.
The Voyage is a great reader for those like myself who love to read books. The lines and images are crisp and clean. Its light weight even with the cover. The only thing is the origami cover was something that i would have thought of designing differently. It feels uncomfortable to hold... The device though is awesome and the page turn features are great you can use either side to turn pages. Would suggest to anyone who loves to read!!
First of all I'm amazed I could buy it from Best Buy, while Amazon says it will be in stock on December 1st (in more than a month from now). Best Buy is indeed the best!The Voyage itself is simply fantastic. The size is right, it's very lightweigh, quite zippy, text is super crisp, and I love the auto-brightness feature.
Best e reader yet ! The new voyage is much better then the first Paperwhite which was great !
Light weight, great upgrades from the paperwhite. Love it!
I am a gadget guy and a big fan of tablets and e-ink readers. They each have their specialties and purposes, and e-readers are still best for reading. I have bitten a kindle supporter from the beginning, this latest model only further improves on that reputation.The back lighting is awesome and the touch screen is amazing. The clarity and definition is outstanding. I was do excited waiting for this to be released and was very pleased with the results!
This is definitely the Rolls Royce of the e-readers love all the new features that it has. Upgraded from the paperwhite to the voyage.
Got this as an upgrade to my Kindle Touch. Page turns are crisp (the pressure-sensitive page buttons on the sides are a nice addition). I especially like the self-adjusting brightness. Very happy with the purchase. Battery life is great so far, even with the backlight on.
This is my first kindle but I'm loving it. I picked it up a few days after it was released. One of the things I love the most is I'm a reader but I am not a car owner so I get almost everywhere by bike. I got tired of lugging around heavy hardcover books from the library; now my Voyage weighs less than most paperback books. An extra bonus for me is, it fits in a pocket I wasn't using in my pannier I carry stuff to work everyday. I love the clarity of the text and pressure point page turning versus screen swipes. I also love that I charged it when I got 4 days ago and it is still more than have battery power.
The better resolution and slightly smaller size makes a worthwhile investment if you read for hours. The commercials that tell you how much better it is to read on a Kindle Voyage vs a tablet are true. I read for hours at a time on weekly plane trips. If I use a tablet my eyes hurt after just a couple of hours. On a Kindle because of the side lighting I can read for 5 hours and my eyes never hurt .
The screen is very sharp and easy to use. The letters are crisp and distinctive. The back light works well in the dark or light. I have no problem reading at night in the dark or during the day outside in direct sunlight. The new page press buttons are perfectly placed and very convenient. It's light weight and small enough to hold in one hand whole reading. I only have to charge it every 2 weeks.I would recommend this edition to anyone who enjoys reading.
I love my Kindle Voyage. It truly is almost like reading a paper book.
Purchased for my wife to replace her previous kindle. She loves it. Great product.
Everything about it is outstanding except the price!
I just upgraded from a Touch to a Voyage and could not be happier. In my opinion this is by far the best Kindle yet. Its operation and features are similar to the Touch and Paperwhite but it is lighter and faster and very comfortable in the hand. Like other e-ink devices (unlike Fire) the screen has a matte finish which is really superb for reading. Some early reviews I've read complained about part of the screen having a yellowish hue. I have not seen any sign of this so that may have been an early manufacturing issue that hopefully has been corrected. The built-in screen light is amazing.Like other e-ink devices the Voyage allows better control and integration of dictionaries, which is really important for specialized reading or reading in a foreign language where one may want to consult several dictionaries in-situ to fully understand a word or phrase.There is very little not to like about the Voyage. I can only think of two issues to consider:1. Price - no doubt about it, Voyage is expensive, but in my opinion it is worth it. When trading off price and performance, I urge you to go into your nearest Best Buy for a hands-on look at the various Kindles, particularly the Paperwhite and Voyage to see what you really need/want or can live with.2. A minor point for the evolution of e-ink readers: it would be nice if there was some control of the screen background color or at least an implementation of a warmer background. Recent studies suggest adverse effects, particularly regarding getting good sleep, from using electronic devices with bright-white or bluish screens (disrupts melatonin production in the body). This is one (of the few in my opinion) advantages of Kindle Fire and Kindle for Android, where several text background colors are available).I highly recommend Voyage - the new king of e-readers.
The auto light adjust has worked great for me and I love the different options for page turning. Also, the smaller size and lighter weight is noticeable. If you are buying your first Kindle, I would recommend this. If you already have the Paperwhite, it's up to you but I've been happy I upgraded.
The back light is a great addition to this kindle, along with the page press! It's perfect for only using one hand to read. I would highly recommend this kindle and is worth the extra money.
My last kindle died right before Christmas. I was lost with no way to read my books. Went to Best Buy to look at all the different ones available. Found that the Voyage was the best for my situation. Being backlit was perfect for the many different places I read, car, work, restaurants, and planes.
the best feature of this Kindle is the page forward/back buttons which allow you to turn pages without taking hards off the unit.
Great looking display. Text is sharp and easy to read. The lighting of screen is wonderful for reading in lower light environments. This is a little more compact than the paper white model. I really love the page press button areas. Makes it so you can turn pages without adjusting your hand (as long as you are holding the voyage with your thumb resting in the button area). Sounds like a minor thing, but to me it's a big convenience!
already toldpeople about fast pickup.the kindle is great as always.
This is the best kindle yet. Very sharp text and easy page management.
I really missed my first kindle when my husband gave me a fire 2 years ago. I love to read outside and could not do that with a fire. The voyage is perfect, easy to read anywhere, much longer battery life than a fire. Very happy with it and the buttons are easy to use or you can just tap the screen to turn the page.
received earlier than expected and was very happy. Will continue to buy at Best Buy in the future
The reader is great, with a crisp display and excellent battery life. I like having the option of either using the buttons to flip pages, or just swipe it. The latter always required two hands, so the buttons can make it easier.
My wife and I both enjoyed our Kindle Voyage so much that we had to buy a second one. This is our first E-reader, and it could not be more user-friendly. It works well in all kinds of environments and lighting conditions. A definite winner!
This kindle has been great, I upgraded from an original kindle and haven't looked back.I think if you have one of the paperwhite's with the backlight you might not see enough bang for your buck to upgrade though.
This is my second Kindle purchased. First one was 15 years ago and now the Kindle Voyage 2. I love my Kindle. You can read anywhere even outside in the sun. I read more than ever :)
The best kindle that I ever had!It is great if you love reading and really want to have the feel of handling a book.Great for indoor and outdoor reading
Having owned each of the previous Kindle readers, this one is without a doubt the best of the bunch. I highly recommend that the serious reader consider this device. Do note that this is a Reader, not a tablet. Grab an iPad or Kindle Fire for your tablet needs but get this to read books. The high dot-per-inch count makes it easy on the eyes, as does the evenly-distributed light. Superb device!
While generally a minor upgrade from the paperwhite, it's just the best e-reader on the market. X-ray seemed unnecessary until I was reading game of thrones and forgot who certain people were. The choice to swipe or pinch to change pages is nice too. It's a great device though if you're on a budget you would do fine with the last version.
Couldn't be happier with this latest Kindle e-reader! Love being able to turn pages by pushing a button and the bright uniform lighting! It's a big step up from my first generation paperweight!
Was a late christmas gift to myself. Updated from the paperwhite 2 and the difference is very noticeable.
Excellent device. Screen is impressive. Happy with this purchase, and looking forward to reading many books on it!
This is the very best devise to read from. The print is one hundred percent book like. The device is light, elegant and a pleasure to use. There is nothing that comes close.
This kindle is a great product. I really enjoy it.
I love my new Kindle! I have owned them all and each one improves on the last. It's a great way to read! I have the origami book cover as well and did not expect to like it but actually, I love it!
I had a first gen paperwhite and wasn't sure if the upgrade would be worth it but it really is a nice step up. Software is pretty much the same obviously, but the screen is a real step up and isn't that why you get a kindle over a tablet.
This is my first kindle. I'm not sure how I lived without one now. The screen is excellent. I love being able to read outside (no glare!!) AND in bed (built in light!). Not sure how useful the automatic light adjuster is but it is a neat idea. Maybe as I use it more I will come to appreciate the automatic light adjustment.
User friendly and features a 4GB capacity for ample storage. PagePress provides reimagined page turns, and an adaptive front light promotes visibility in dimly lit areas. So far so good!
The flush bezel and display are a huge improvement. The text is crisp and easy on the eyes. The page press function and inclusion/position of the touch sensors is perfect. The price seems a bit high for something as simple as an E-Reader, but if you love to read this is a must have. You will not be disappointed.
I know it is entirely a personally bias, but I love Kindles and this is one of the best Kindles ever.
I have never owned a Kindle and was using the Kindle ap for iPad for the last several years. This little device is remarkable. The page is crisp and clear, the navigation is so easy. Purchases are simple and straight forward. I love it!
As usual Amazon does it again. Fabulous ereader. Love the auto adjustment of the on board light!
i really like the voyage, it looks great, and worth the money.
So many improvements over previous models. Love the new page turn feature.
I find myself reading even more now that I have the Kindle Voyage. It is easy to hold and maneuver, the perfect size, small and sleek. Page turning is easy with one hand and the back light makes reading in any setting a pleasure.
I'm not one for reviewing usually but my oh my do i love this thing. It is lightweight and amazing!! I LOVE HOW CRISP IT IS AND HOW BRIGHT IT IS.
The Kindle Voyage is always with my in my purse. It is light, compact and easy to hold. I still love hard cover books but now I don't have to carry around the books from my book club. Some of the books I would rather not have to keep up with anyway. And, I can jump back and forth between stories.
Always wanted to read more and I am with Kindle Voyage. This version rocks all previous versions. The side lit screen, smooth resolution, ultra lightweight in hand feel, and more make this the kindle that's perfect to me.
I can finally read outside and for more than 20 minutes at a time.
The best ebook reader in the market. The text is crisp and I love the backlighting.
Works well from outdoors, to plane to reading in bed. No issues. Excellent all around. Better than a light.
Having had an original Kindle which I have enjoyed for several years, I decided to upgrade to the newest Kindle Voyage. I love the touch screen functionality and the lighted reading. I only wish I had done it sooner.
Love the small size and the auto light. Use this every day.
This is my third Kindle, plus I have used the Kindle app on my two iPads and three iPhones. I always want to have a real Kindle so I will read in peace and avoid distraction from email, texts and such.This is much more readable that all of the previous models. The resolution is as good as I could ever want. The lighting is perfectly even and makes reading in any light (or lack of) completely comfortable. The screen response is almost perfect, but I am just getting use to the new side areas to turn pages. I love the weight and can read in any position, including on my back in bed, with one hand.I am perfectly fine with paying $200 for this Kindle. If you want something to read your books, and nothing else, this is the product for you.
I bought this for my wife and she loves it. text show very sharp and clear and there are a ton of kindle books to buy and read. very well made.
Easy to read screen in a small light package. Excellent battery life and even fits into my work pockets.
excellent screen, the small changes to the form make a huge different (I adore the flatness so much), and the brightness is a perfect for daylight. IMO, worth the cost
What a great ereader. Amazon continues its dominance in the ereader field with this entry. Light and comfortable to hold. Perfect combination of hepatic feedback buttons and adaptive back-lighting. Seems to stay charged forever even with regular use. I would definitely recommend this and would buy again.
I am an avid reader. I use to have to pack multiple books on any vacation or trip for business. This has replaced all that. This is my second kindle and I am very impressed. The back light helps for reading at night or in bright places.
I purchased this for my girl friend and she absolutely loves it. She reads around 3-4 books a week.
This is the reading machine I will recommended for everyone. The sharp font and responsiveness is unparalleled
What could be better than a book? A Kindle Voyage! This wonderful device is easier to carry around than a book. Whenever I need to wait a few minutes, I whip out my Kindle. It is clear, it works for a long time without recharging, and it receives new books instantly. I had been using an Ipod with audio books for a long time but I got tired of the difficulty in searching for material. It also lost my place unless I was extremely careful. This device is lightweight and slips easily into my handbag or pocket. I also bought the Origami case - with it, the Kindle comes on automatically when it is opened. A great and useful device - I love it!
It took awhile to get this Kindle as it was out of stock, but it was worth the wait. It is easy to use and the text is very clear. I have had a Kindle before but this model is so much better. Most enjoyable.
had the larger paper white replaced with this model. LOVE IT!
Perfect e-reader with great screen and backlight. Works great in every condition. Definitely recommend the Kindle Voyage!
No issues whatsoever. Works well! Best e reader there is!
Love the back light, fast response to changing pages. The kindle voyage is lite.
This is a really great upgrade from the regular Kindle, however, it's not such an appealing product after Amazon updated the base Kindle to the same hi-resolution screen. May be worth waiting to see if Amazon upgrade the Voyage over the coming months.
Wife never leaves it at home loves it great display easy on your eyes
I love my kindle for reading over my iPad now. Best buy gave me a good deal on this kindle, and fast and friendly service. This kindle is easy on my sensitive eyes and a pleasure to hold. I would recommend this to anyone looking for an e-reader.
My husband is bed bound and sometimes very weak. The kindle is great for him ,light easy to use and the back light allows him to read in bed without waking me to turn the lights on.
I upgraded my Kindle to the Kindle Voyage because I read in bed and the lamp kept my husband awake. I thought I would be able to use this Kindle without the lamp, but for me it is hard to read with the room completely dark even though the back lighting is adjustable. I still use the Kindle with the lamp on, but tilted to the floor so that there is just a little light in the room....I bought the magnetic case so when I open the lid, the Kindle wakes up. It is a little smaller than my old Kindle and fits in my purse perfectly. All in All I LOVE it and would highly recommend it.
This kindle is so good on so many levels. Not sure it is worth the price premium over the paperwhite, but you will definitely have the best reader on the market.
I didn't think it would be that much of an improvement over the paperwhite but taking all of the advances together it definitely beats it. The cost is high but having that crisp of a screen is worth it. Obviously when you can buy a Kindle fire HD for less you have to be dedicated to the look and functionality of an e-ink reader for this to be worth it. If you love e-ink books and want a much better lighting solution than the Kindle Paperwhite this is the best option.
Although the price is high, it is worth and useful.
Gave up my tablet for the voyage and haven't looked back. A pleasure to read on.
Do most of my reading on one of my Kindles. Reading in sun light to no light is great. Easier to take anywhere size wise compared to a paperback. Really great for traveling. Download several books so I have a variety to read from. Long charge life.
Pros: Look no further if you are a book lover and shopping for a ereader. The price is slightly on the higher side but well worth it. You might want to consider the upgraded Kindle Paperwhite with 300ppi if price is a concern.Cons: The Bookerly font update is not available yet although it is available in the Paperwhite.
I have owned several Kindles over the years, and this one is the best yet. The contrast and clarity is improved over the already-good Paperwhite 2. I like the page turn "buttons" on the bezel as well.
This is my first e reader. I did ttry my friends papperwhite but voyage is the best of the e reader world. The screen is awesome. I read a lot at night before I sleep and I use to read in my mobile which after sometime feels like my eyes are burning. But with voyage I can read as much time I want. No strain no burning sensation in my eyes. Compared to the papperwhite the screen looks better. Feels like I am actually reading a paper book.
Fabulous new functionality love the night reading capabilities
My first Kindle, but the backlight feature is great
Surprisingly better than previous versions of Kindle. Light, vivid, easy to use
It's fast, beautiful and compact. A little expensive, but I liked.
This is my favorite kindle so far. The size is perfect and the weight is minimal. I love the fact it is back lit and I don't need a book light.
Amazon nailed it. Its readability is superior to the book. The new page turning feature is a great improvement over the previous version. And, BTW, you can carry a library with you wherever you go.
This e-reader fits very nicely into my library of other electronic devices. It works great.
Perhaps the best ereader made until now. Fantastic reading experience.
Great day reading. The backlight works great in the day as well. It is nice to have enough light to read wherever you are. The batterry life is also long
The Kindle Voyage is the first new model that I finally felt was good enough to replace my Kindle4NT (non-touch with side buttons). The original 4T and paperwhite models worked poorly for me, and lacked buttons. The pressure sensitive edges of the Voyage work great, and the touch screen functions work better in this model.Voyage is still at least $50 overpriced, but I ultimately worth the money if moving off an older button-style Kindle.
Kindle Voyage is great, screen resolution is awesome, love the new page turn buttons (I missed these ones from my previous Kindle keyboard).
Highly recommend. Battery is perfect. Light weight too!
The Amazon Kindle Voyage is the absolute e-reader to end all e-readers. Light, amazing screen, and stylish, minimal design. If you want an e-reader, definitely buy this one!
Works great indoors & out. Very light weight & easy to carry, even in a pocket. Amazon downloads are easy & quick.
I wanted a reader that was easy to use indoor or outside. I am very pleased and so glad I purchased this product. Ordering books is also very easy.
This is my first Kindle. Previously I have owned several Nooks. The Voyage is lightweight and the built in dimming light works great. I would give it the edge over the Nook.
This is my third kindle and by far the best! Easy to use.
Even though it is a little pricy, I like my new Kindle Voyage. It looks smaller, but it is because it's only the screen - no buttons. It is lightweight. You can scroll and turn pages with touch screen press or with physical small buttons on the side. It is automatically adjusts to different light conditions.
I love to read books....paper and electronic (via my iPad), but had never owned a Kindle. When shopping at Best Buy, I mentioned to my husband that I might want to try a Kindle....went to another area and, when I returned, the Kindle VOYAGE was in our basket. OK so I though I would give it a try. I LOVE it! So compact, so easy to read my books and turn the pages without swiping or ??? I highly recommend the VOYAGE to existing and pending Kindle readers. So many great features in such a small package!
Voyager is super easy to use and see, love the translations too!
I've enjoyed the original Kindle (with keyboard) for many years, and it was finally time to upgrade. The light is great, and I use the page press buttons exclusively. Very happy with the size, weight, and appearance of this product.
I have had several Kindles beginning with the 1st generation. I am an avid reader and I love that I can take my library with me. The Kindle Voyage is by far my favorite. The printed page is very clear and the lit page is wonderful. If you enjoy reading as much as I do, this is the e-reader for you.
This is my 3rd Kindle and I think its the best yet! Love the new features and will never go back to paperback books again
Kindle is the best. In this version, storage and resolution screen has been improved.
I love my Kindle!! It's great for downloading & reading books. It's especially great because I can read regardless of the lighting conditions!
Love the new look and feel of my new Kindle Voyage. I especially love how it adjusts the reading light automatically.
Very nice display and high resolution! A pleasure to read.
There is no better E-reader available today. It costs a bit more, but the build quality is the best.
very good e-reader. like the back light very much. very light for carrying around.
So user friendly that I had it for over a month before I read the owners guide to learn all the other features. Makes reading a book effortless. A must have for the avid book reader.
I know there's a separate product page for the origami cover, but it's worth mentioning here as it is the "official" cover. The origami cover is ugly and I was skeptical, but I actually love it. It's weird because it opens by flipping over the top like a notepad. This actually makes it more comfortable to hold when the cover is open, in my opinion. It's hard to describe, but there are a lot more ways to hold the Voyage when it's attached to this cover, and just generally is more comfortable to use. The origami part of the case works great as well... it stands vertically or horizontally (if you're laying down and reading, this is amazing).
Kindle Voyage is easily the best e-reader with an impressive high-resolution display and it is very thin and light weight too. Loving it.
I first bought the Kindle Paperwhite with the 300dpi screen, I didn't think the jump to the Voyage was worth the $80 plus additional taxes. I read about the Voyage and with Georgia having the back to school tax free days and the e-readers qualifying I returned the Paperwhite and purchased this one. Boy am I glad I did.
I have had several Kindle ereaders over the years also Nook, Kobo, and Sony as well, I even had the original Rocket Reader (I still have it) and they have all improved over the years so it's not surprising that the new Voyage is the best one yet. Over all I prefer the Kindle readers now and Amazon has perfected the eBook experience so why go anywhere else.
Easy to use. Comfortable to hold-lightweight and good size. The light adjustment is great. Easy to inadvertently turn the page-sometimes more than one-still trying to figure out how not to do that. Over all, though very happy with it
I love my Kindle Voyage.... it's light and oh so easy to use... it's wonderful to have so many books in a portable format!
The Kindle Voyage 6 is better than the real thing. After wearing out a first generation Kindle in our home, we knew we wanted something with versatility of the original with a few added features. The background light is a big plus as it allows my wife to read at night without having to keep the lights on. It's a great ereader at the right price.
Slim fit in my purse, love the page turn "buttons". Auto light adjusting is good!
bright screen which makes reading it day or night easy
I like the small size and auto adjustable lighted screen. With my old Kindle I needed to have external light to read, but this one comes with the build one.
Absolutely love this new Kindle! Light, sharp, glass touchscreen and adaptive front light. Very easy to use and read!
I like this Kindle Voyage. There is plenty of storage. The page turning is perfect.
Bought this kindle for my aging mother! It is our third. She loves it! My daughter loves hers as well! Easy to use...even for someone in their 80's!
Great way to read books. The screen is readable in any light. Add a waterproof case and you have the perfect beach or pol side library!
I would recommend this to anyone. It's an absolutely amazing product. So light, the auto brightness is great and it's convenient to carry around with you.
Lightweight easy read easy page turning self adjusting read light great too.
When my Kindle Paper White was damaged (my fault), I was looking for a replacement. After reading many reviews online, both from "experts" and normal users, I chose the Voyager. I've been very satisfied with it. I particularly like the pressure sensitive edges for turning pages.
I or a family member have owned every version of the Kindle since it came out. This version has finally taken all of the best elements of the previous Kindles and combined them into one unit. It is small and light, has both touch screen and button functionality (depending on which you prefer - I'm a fan of the buttons), and an excellent back-light. Kindle battery life has always been excellent, and is no different here. I use my Kindle daily, often for at least an hour at a time. The only downside is that I'm not sure what other features Amazon could add to improve this version, other than perhaps making it lighter weight. By far the best e-reader out there, and a worthy upgrade from a previous version
I love my kindle! It never runs out of battery. Used it on a three week detachment and never had to charge it.
I purchased this to replace my first gen Paperwhite. The shadows on the bottom of the Paperwhite always bothered me. I decided to upgrade to the Voyage and it is much better. I like the physical page turn buttons, the higher dpi, and the consistent back lighting. I think the only issue I have with the Voyage is the auto brightness seems a little finicky and I sometimes have to adjust the brightness manually. But that's a small issue for an otherwise great e-reader.
so far so good,,,, wife very happy. misses her old one....
Love the ability to read in sunlight, create files.
The extra money for the Voyage version is well worth it, as the screen is brighter, clearer, and easier on the eyes. The other specs are also nicer compared to other Kindle versions, but the screen is what sold me.
I love the adjustable font size and the front light which allows me to read in any lighting even without my glasses. Pagepress allows me to turn page effortlessly and i can close my book turning it off and when i resume reading I'm right back where i left off. Love it. Capacity is unbelievable.
I am so glad i procrastinated in buying an e-reader.I was going to get the kindle paperwhite- then the Voyage came out- I bought it and am so happy with it- a joy to use.
Light, easy to read, large capacity and multiple ways to turn pages. What else can I say, it's a wonderful reader, especially in the Florida sunlight. Also, the iPhone app that sync your ready progress is great for times you have your phone but not the kindle.
Great for reading books. Print is easily readable. There are a couple of font sizes to adjust to your eyesight, as well as different font types to choose from. It's very easy to change them on the fly without going deep into settings.It has nice features, such as dictionary, where you can quickly check unfamiliar words while reading, create notes, or write and read reviews.Getting books to the reader is straightforward as well. If you have wi fi connection, all you need is to create account. The selected books will be automatically transferred to your reader.If you don't have wi fi, connecting the reader with USB cable should be enough, but make sure if that works before you buy it.Battery charge lasts for a few weeks. You don't have to worry to charge it every day.The charger is not included though. Either you can charge the reader through your computer or buy the charger.Charger is faster and more convenient.There are a lot of websites offering Kindle books, there's a big selection of free books to choose from too. Public libraries, Amazon, number of various websites provide wealth of readings for Kindle.Overall, I'm very satisfied with it.On negative note, I wish the screen was a little bigger, as I don't carry it around, and it's not cheap either.
Very good quality product. I bout as a gift for a friend, she loved it
Upgraded to this unit from a paperwhite (that I left on a plane somewhere).I find this unit to be a lot crisper, a lot speedier, and overall more pleasurable to use.I purchased the Amazon brand leather-type case with stand-up foot. It adds a bit of girth to hold on to, while reading.The unit is incredibly slim.Battery life is excellent - even when using the backlight.
I would highly recommend this reader for anyone. Easy to download books and fast! Love the fonts and sizes. Lightweight. Great for travelers.
I had used the Kindle Paperwhite for quite awhile before I got intrigued by the Voyage seeing it in person. I was apprehensive about upgrading given the higher cost but it was entirely worth it. The Paperwhite is lite in weight but somehow the Voyage feels weightless. The screen is absolutely beautiful and to me the nicest feature is the screen is flush with the bezel around. Little learning curve to the page press on the side but tweaking the settings a little I have it down now.
The Voyage is worth the extra money. It's a wonderful device. Very responsive and easy to use. I would highly recommend!
The KINDLE VOYAGE is a wonderful product and I use it everyday for my reading. I take it to lunch and dinner each day.
Purchased as a chrismas gift. receipent was very happy with the present.
One of the things I love the most about my new Kindle is it's size. It slides so nicely into my compact purse, protective case and all. Another thing I've noticed is the lack of glare that I experienced with my old Kindle. It automatically adjusts to the light and I'm looking forward to being able to read it on the beach without a struggle. I also love the battery life - it goes on forever. The case I bought makes it possible to stand my Kindle up in front of me and read while I'm eating - a must for me - I never eat alone ;)
What a fun toy this is! It was easy to learn to use, and If I needed help, the online User's Guide is right there. Purchasing books couldn't be easier, and there's no "hard copy" to dispose of when you'e done. I was able to check out a book from the public library with little effort. With so many low-cost or no-cost books, as well as current best sellers, there's an endless number to choose from. You can use the search function to search by topic or title. I like using a stylus pen on the touch screen for that. I know I will enjoy my Kindle Voyage for a long time.
This is a great e-reader, perhaps a little pricey but well worth the money. It is extremely light and the e-ink is very readable.
I've never really liked Kindle's for some reason or another. This one looked and felt really nice. I knew that I would love it as soon as I got it out of the box. It has a very premium feel and is a great substitute for a book.
We bought this reader to replace a Fire HDX that had seemed to go wonky. Turns out a couple of system resets and the HDX is back to normal so I get the old one, she gets the new one.But I can highly recommend this reader - the clarity of the text and the overall functionality is excellent.
Gave this to my wife for Christmas to replace her well used first generation kindle. She loves it.
Easy to use and easy to order books. Now I just have to join amazon prime for the lending library and look into the books i haven't read but want to.
Had the older model that didn't light up... Was always having to get to a lamp. Now I can read anywhere without any worries. The light adjusts as needed. I get lost in my book without any worries. The screen is perfect size with great clarity and easy to travel with.
have owned 2 kindles this is far the best. no light required. simple to use
The new design is lighter, has a longer battery life and the page displays are crisp and clear. The light adapts to the environment you are reading in to keep the image consistent. The new Kindle Voyage is amazing!
Weight is perfect.Size is right. It fits anywhereView is sharp, day or night
This is great for reading, it's light and easy to read. I love it.
I love the new kindle. I have a third generation and the new features are awesome.
I read often and love this e-reader. I previously had a nook and liked it, but it was old and did not have night reading option. The voyage is light and easy to hold. The backlighting is great at night. Overall very happy with this product for reading.
This is a great reader. As a tablet it will not replace my iPad
I have always enjoyed reading. I read to quickly and eventually spend a load of money on one book series. This product has already saved me at least $80, and i've only had it for a month. Yes I did the math! I love this thing!
I love my kindle voyage. It is very little weight and I love the page press that it has, don't even have to move your hand to turn the page. You can read it in the bright sun and in the dark which no over brand of tablets you can do that with.
Kindle voyage is the costliest of the kindle range but its worth it due to light weight and adaptive backlight. Enjoying it so far.
Hands down this is the best ereader that you can buy...
I purchased this for my son overseas as he had broken the screen on his last one. When he opened it he was amazed at the size and weight of this one. He also was very elated that all his books that he purchased immediately downloaded to the new one with his bookmarks in place. All in all a great purchase from an excellent company.
Always great to upgrade new from old version when the staff is always knowledgeable
This is the best Kindle yet and I am loving it! For someone who suffers from eye strain but loves to read, the 300 dpi image resolution and the liquid ink technology are beyond compare. Buy it, you won't regret it!!
I had been reading on my iPad mini most of the time, but around the pool or at the beach, that was almost impossible. The Voyage is great not only in bright sunshine but inside, even in a pretty dark room. The back light is great for just about any environment. The battery life is fantastic.
Nice, nice, nice, nice, nice, nice, nice, nice, nice
My husband loves his new kindle. Lightweight, fast, and the origami cover is great.
I have always been an avid paper book reader. Never thought I could convert! Purchased the Kindle at Best Buy and I am totally hooked! Love the convenience as well as simp,e access to books (inexpensive) on line.
This readeri is compact and fits nicely in my bag. Easy to use, controls for children are very effective. Am glad I bought it.
easy to read, great product When I use different readers they keep tract of where I am in each.
Having had several models of Kindle readers, I can say that this is the best yet and is definitely worth the extra cost.
Love it, love it!!! Have had several different models. like this one the best. The Kindle Fire was nice but had a hard time reading at night.
I previously had a first edition paper white and finally pulled the trigger on a voyage. I'm so glad I did, the resolution is great and it seems easier to read. I also like that the screen is completely flat. I don't really use the page turn buttons like I thought i would but it is nice to have the option.
Works great, looks great, readable in bright sun...
Bought two for gifts. A huge hit!! They are readers and love not having to lug books.
I was a little bit hesitant to get the Voyage over the Paperwhite and after holding the two I knew I wanted the Voyage. This device has been perfect! (Advice: Ask Amazon to remove the ads if you're a Prime member!)
A bit pricey, but worth the money in my opinion. Perfect size and great screen!
I am very please with my Kindle Voyage. The size is perfect and the control lighting is exactly what I was looking for. Would recommend this to anyone.
Reading on the voyage is such a pleasure. Its so much more convenient than carrying around an actual book. I love that I can read in bed without disturbing my partner. The backlight makes reading a pleasure whether in the dark or outside in the sun. Truly well worth the price if you are a serious reader. I love having several books available so I never run out of reading material while at the doctors or on a plane......
Great for reading any book, light weight, easy to use best Kindle on the market.
I love to read and using the Kindle has been great.
Fantastic for reading in dark conditions. Very light and easy to hold.
I love the size and the well-lit screen. The words appear very crisp and easy to read!!!
I love the back light and has lots of memory. Very compact...easy to carry.
This thing has some issues with the screen lighting being different up top and down below, but overall, this thingredients is amazing. I read all the time on this and highly recommend it to anyone. I even bought one for my son.
Super light, the paper white is a huge success and the battery life is as advertised. However, it is so light and small it mandates a protective case-BUT they are never in stock or otherwise available.
Goal: get an e- reader that allows one to read in any light situation. Goal achieved. Reading on the patio, beach is great. Easy to download books, lightweight, good battery life are all pluses
I had an older version of a Kindle e-reader that allowed me to download books on the go, but I felt like something was missing. Several upgrades later, I got this for a gift, and I think it basically includes everything that was missing. It is so lightweight and compact that I can easily slip it into my purse or use it with one hand. It has backlighting that doesn't disturb my sleeping husband or create a light so bright that it is distracting- it's just the right amount of light needed to read in different ligths. It can self-adjust from reading in a dark room to reading outside on a bright day.
I purchased one of these for myself back in January, and when my mother remarked on it, I knew she wanted one as well. It works great for both myself and her, despite the differences in our reading habits and hand sizes.
Lightweight, bright screen, adequate capacity, great battery life. The perfect stand alone eReader.
Small and easy to carry in my purse. I like that I can change the page on the sides without consistently dirtying the screen with fingerprints.
This Kindle Voyage is replacing an older Kindle from 4-5 years ago and what an awesome upgrade it is. Faster, has a very useful backlight, still very easy to use, and so light!!
This is very easy to read and just the right size and weight to carry.
This is my very first kindle. I am enjoying reading more books. The size is quite comfortable as well as the weight. The battery life is quite good. If you're looking for a new way to read book this is definitely the one.
great size to take everywhere and super fast, good battery life
My wife has had several Amazon Fire tablets. They all have one major flaw. Visibility in direct sunlight. This product addresses that issue. The Paper White screen is perfect for the days at the pool
I have had both older E-ink Kindle and Nook readers as well as the larger color screen versions and this new one is the best one yet. Very light, portable, battery lasts a long time. The screen is much better than the older E-ink Kindle. I recently binged through the 4th book of Game of Thrones, and it was an easy read on the Kindle. I highly recommend this to any reader. My teenage daughter also enjoys reading on the Kindle as well as opposed to the regular books.
Absolutely love my new Kindle Voyager. Lightweight and compact size makes it easier to carry with me everywhere I go. Wish I had bought one sooner.
This is an incredible product. I would much rather read on this than my iPad!
Great, lightweight, easy to carry and great picture for reading.
I wanted a simple reader for east of transportability and use. Although I still occasionally use my tablet to read I wanted something more light weight. I haven't tested this in the sunlight but so far I love it's smaller size and simplicity.
Working efficiently, no complaints so far. Makes reading fun!
This Kindle makes reading even more enjoyable. Very light in the hand, amazing back light. Very highly recommended.
Kindle Oasis is very light, with 4 gb of memory no need for WIFI to read!
The Kindle Voyager has a very easy to read screen with great resolution.
The voyage is so much easier on the eyes. The size is great and easy to carry in a briefcase for travel purposes.
This kindle replaces a previous model. The size is great, fits easily into purse or gym bag. The touch screen is a nice improvement over my earlier model. The backlit screen is good. Bright enough but not too bright. Overall, I am very pleased
This good e-reader is a gift for my daughter and she love it.
Purchased for my 83 years young husband who is an avid reader. Getting his books instantly was worth his fear of going to a kindle. He's surprised at the ease of use.
The Amazon voyage really is a fantastic ereader. Prior to owning this tablet, I had a couple of PW2's which are great tablets in their own right. My wife knew that I had my eye on the Kindle Voyage but I was waiting to catch it during one of Amazon's rare sales events. Unfortunately my wife ended up buying it for me for Father's Day and I planned to take it back and wait for a sale but after comparing it to my PW2 side by side, I decided I couldn't wait for it to get cheaper and so I kept it. The PW2 is a great ereader (ended up giving it to my oldest son) but the Voyage is more crisp and the backlighting is quite a bit whiter. It's also a couple of ounces lighter and slimmer. Is it worth the upgrade? Definitely, if you can get it on sale (usually $150). At $199? Well, that's up to you. Obviously I paid full freight and I don't regret it.....much. :) With that being said, the PW3 is worth a look too. Same 300 ppi clarity but usually $80 to $100 cheaper. The Voyage has a bezel that's flush with it's glass so it's not the "crumb catcher" paperwhite is but hey, maybe you want to skip eating while you're reading and save the dough!
Good reader for travelers. It allows for people to read in a variety of environments.
Love my kindle. It's perfect to take with me on the go. Very easy to use.
Has an efficient battery and works well. I've had every Kindle since the second generation and it is my favorite to date. I love the Amazon distressed leather cover.
Easy to read in the sunlight. I really like that it adjusts to the lighting available making it easy to read anywhere.
I have had several variations of the Kindle in the past. My most recent being a paperwhite. I have to say this is the best. The size and balance are better. The adaptable light feature and brightness is good. Screen quality and construction are both an improvement. The overall reading experience is much improved over the paperwhite.
I read a lot so I wanted a light weight device. It's user friendly. You can adjust the brightness of light and turn pages easily. It fits nicely in my bag. I take it everywhere. I highly recommend it!
Easy to navigate, I love it despite the charging port. Charging port doesn't last very long though. Just purchased my second one.
I thoroughly enjoy the product it is really great and the best ever build by any company.
Bought this for my wife as a birthday gift. She has really enjoyed it. It is easy on her eyes, light weight, and keeps a god charge. It is easy to use, but she does already have experience using the original Kindle.
It took me a long time to buy an e-reader because I just love real books. But I am happy I bought this and so far, after a few months, I've experienced none of the discoloration that other users have mentioned about previous versions. Very happy with it.
I extremely enjoy and like my Kindle Voyage Reader a whole bunch! I like reading on it a whole bunch, especially my Living Bible, because I'm a Christian that loves God and Jesus Christ of Nazareth! I believe this product is a very excellent reader, which a person can read all of their books on the Kindle Voyages in their Amazon library! Definitely get one today, because especially, because it is light weight and has an awesome back light for reading in the dark. I like it because it is so light and easy on the arms while holding while reading. God bless you! :)
Spots on both sides of the screen make it easy to move from page to page, both forwards and backwards. Light is great for both night and day reading.
Easy to use size is great display is great in all lighting conditions
Love it. Very happy with purchase. Does everything I expected .
I've always been a big proponent of real books; love the smell, touch, etc, but I love my kindle. The lighting for the screen allows me to read with the lights off without killing my eyes and it's easier to transport and use when not at home.
This is my third Kindle and the best one yet. Love the new controls, the backlit page, the compact size and the ease of use. I would recommend the Kindle Voyage to all readers!
This is my third Amazon Kindle and by far it is the best one. The adaptive lighting really helps as it is easy on the eyes. The battery lasts for weeks on a normal charge and charges to full pretty fast.I still enjoy the eink displays over a regular phone or tablet for extended reading periods.The kindle voyage is light weight and I was able to easily find cases and accessories online.I highly recommend the kindle voyage over the other kindle readers because of the advanced features.
Great device. Great for reading books. Small and compact. Lightweight. Looks great too. The light is a great feature
this is my first foray into purchasing a reader...I reviewed multiple sites and opinions before I made a move on this purchase...and not disappointed, can read anywhere in any light
I purchased the kindle out of sadness at first to conform to the non book life, but can honestly say I'm glad I did. My book reading has gone up 80% easily and this compact guy has made all the difference. Easy to use, easy to store, light to hold, doesn't bother my eyes, just magnificent. I would suggest this to anyone, I found the back light better on the eyes than the paperwhite and the battery is great.
I bought this product back in September and have loved every moment of it. Setup was easy, the Amazon store and search bar make it easy to narrow down the thousands of books available, and the battery is long-lasting so that I don't have to worry about constantly charging. In 3 months I have only had to charge it twice. Best parts are the backlit screen with easy adjustment and ample storage!
Nice size, nice look,love the feel of turning the page. Great reading experience.
This is third Kindle product and the size, battery life and readability have improved with each new generation. Very happy with product and will continue to purchase in the future as new versions become available.
Like being able to read outside and easier to take with me when traveling than a book is.
The Kindle Voyager is the best E-reader you can buy! The resolution is absolutely amazing. The long lasting battery is, by far, the best feature.
Works as advertised. easy to use and easy to read.
Replacing my original white page Kindle. I love these readers! Like the new auto adjust backlight! Also like the new page turner slides on the sides of the screen. Great product!
It's a great screen and extremely lightweight to hold. Perfect!
love kindles and this one is the best one made by amazon. but expensive.
This is a great ereader. Very comfortable to hold. The screen has built in light sensor so that it adjusts to ambient light and is always easy to see. You can go from dark room to blazing sunlight and always have a very visible screen.
I've always been a reader and an early technology adopter but until now I've resisted moving to electronic media when reading for pleasure. Now I wish I hadn't waited so long. Reading at night with the lights off and instantly downloading a new book are my favorite aspects.
I have been using the paperwhite for about 2 years now and this unit definitely beats it. The adaptive lighting is amazing and page turn buttons are quite useful. If you are looking for an E-Reader then this is the one for you.
I upgraded from an old kindle. It's really nice to have the backlight and slightly larger screen.
This is a gift for friend, and she loves that! She told me this device helped her with concentration when read.
Got this for a family member who had on older Kindle that stopped working. They absolutely love it.
Since my Kindle Paperwhite died, this new Voyage has been a good replacement.
Purchased this over the holidays and have enjoyed it since. The look and feel of a book is great.
This is my third kindle and is the best by far. The smaller size is great because it fits nicely in my purse so I never leave home without it. Other great features are page turning, adjusting light and weight.
This item was a replacement for a misplaced/lost Kindle Voyage. It is my go-to eReader, compact, light-weight, and read anywhere (bright sun, shade, at nite) device. The Kindle Paperwhite could have been equally useful, but I was spoiled with the Voyage. As a note, I also have an iPadMini and an iPad Air2, but they are much heavier to lug around.
This E-reader makes reading ebooks very easy on the eyes and provides for a beautiful experience. The product feels like quality but gathers finger print marks on the back quickly if it doesn't have a case. Overall the e-reading experience is excellent though as the lighting and colors come across very pleasantly.
Lightweight, easy on the eyes, easy to use, many wonderful features
I would recommend this product. It works great and ver compact.
Love the feel of it and love the page turn buttton.
Easy to carry; easy to read. Easy to get books and download. Nice to have a dictionary within your book. Able to download books, newspapers or magazines.
This is just what my father wanted. It is portable, light weight and has an amazing backlight.
Good replacement for a paperwhite. The addition of the page forward and page backward buttons is huge!
I love my kindle voyage. I get distracted when I read on my tablet, so I decided to purchase an eReader. I am very happy I did! I hope to meet my reading challenge now!
Very easy and portable I take it everywhere with me
This is my second Kindle device. I enjoy using this to read in lower light conditions with the automatic adjustment. Touch screen is nice, but can accidentally move pagesif your fingers slip. No issues with readability in many light conditions.
The glass on top of the reader is absolutely a slick and beautiful piece added on what is already an excellent device. Worth the extra $$$.
If you are a digital reader, you need a Kindle. This is excellent, but expensive. If you are a casual reader you will probably be happy with a less expensive Kindle. I do recommend a case.
It is a very good E-Reader, battery lasts for weeks.
I love the kindle voyage. My favorite feature is that I can read while at the beach!! It's also very lightweight and fits in one hand.
Makes reading outdoors enjoyable and I spend more time at the beach!
Ergonomic and easy to get new books. My house is full of books and I need to quit stockpiling them. And I can't remember what I read years ago. This device helps.
It is better than in thought it was. At first I didnt like how small the screen was, but then the conistent reading, it got much better. After a month i it grew on me.
Bright backlight- amazing controls + Kindle features
Great and easy read especially when outside in the sun.
I love this. We love to travel and now I can download a bunch of books to read on our trips. Now that I have this I don't know how I survived those long flights without it.
I bought this as a gift for my wife who loves reading. She has really enjoyed being able to. Andy this sleek reader in her purse when she's on the go.
I have owned several Kindles and this is the best one yet
I bought this so i can save all of my books. It was a bit small at first but you get used to it. Overall i am very satistfy
As far as e-readers go this has to be the best experience I've had with one. Simplistic and ergonomic design allows you to fly through books.
This Kindle is amazing. It is extremely readable in any condition, bright lights or dark. The auto dimming function is super and the size and weight is amazing.
The quality of the display is amazing - the battery life is fantastic
I had one of the original Kindles and I found that I just absolutely quit reading and it was because of the bulk and size of the Kindle. I decided to give this one a try and I absolutely love it and I'm back to reading every day and the reason is because it is more the size of a paperback. It's lightweight and I love that I can read at night without having have a light on. I did however purchase The Geek Squad protection after my dog that was sitting in my lap almost said it flying to the floor when he jumped up out of my lap
It allows you to focus on your reading and not wandering to the internet. Great for reading in the dark. No need to buy a small lamp to read in the dark and easy to read in the daylight. Battery last a long time.
This is my second Kindle (the first one lasted several years). I enjoy the ability to read in the dark without background light. The backlight works very well and does not have the eye strain that a tablet may have. With the touch surface, I find it a little too sensitive and have accidentally moved several pages. The side page turn works very well. Much easier to travel with this unit than a large book.
I love how easy the Kindle is to operate. It is very intuitive, and requires only a short learning curve. Also it is one of the most economical ways to read books.
Great product. She uses it everyday. Super light and easy to navigate.
It is a good reading device. When the price drop to 100 dollar, it is a deal. You need to buy one at that level.
This is my first electronic reading device. I was one of those people saying I like the paper book in my hands. However the convenience, especially when traveling, is an understatement.
I am really pleased with my new Kindle, I had one of the oldest versions and was reluctant at first on getting this one, but oh boy, I hit the jackpot.if you have never owned a Kindle you will be really pleased on how easy on your eyesight this thing is compared to reading on a tablet.Battery life is amazing, I turned off wifi and got over 4 weeks of battery life by reading around 1 hour a day, I recharged it before it was completely depleted.The addition of backlight is actually cool, even reading before night it did not disrupt my sleep cycle.And you get all the goodies of Amazon backing up your digital content.Overall I am very pleased with my purchase.
This is the 3rd Kindle we have purchased and they keep getting a little nicer with each version. The light on this one is a really nice feature. The battery life is better, the page turning options are better, it is lighter... there are just a lot of nice little improvements. If you like to read in an electronic format I cannot imagine disliking the Kindle.
Really like to read ebooks on the Kindle. The contrast is perfect so there is no strain on the eyes. The smooth feel gives a good user experience.
This kindle has better resolution and contrast ratio.It is light and comfortable. I would recommend this device at deal price.
I was fortunate to order one of these as soon as it was announced. As an Amazon Prime member, I was able to buy the Fire TV Stick for 19 during a two day sale. I figured, for that price, I might as well test it out!Set up was easy and straight forward. I find that the interface is quick and easy to use. The interface and streaming on the Stick is much faster than the Amazon app built into my HDTV. This fact alone made this a great purchase. Here are some more thoughts I have on the Fire TV Stick so far: PROS:- Quick, easy to use, polished interface- Wireless streaming works really well- Amazon Instant video loads, fast forwards, and rewinds really fast- A dedicated Prime Menu allows Prime members to easily see what free content is available- Unlike Chromecast, the Fire TV Stick includes a remote- Can stream your own videos by first uploading them to your cloud disk- Can play quite a few casual games- Awesome, irresistible price for Amazon Prime users. I got it for 19 during the two day sale.- Better specs than Chromecast and Roku Stick- Ultraportable. I plan to use Fire TV Stick when I travel for work and to visit family- Stream local videos and other content using the Plex app http://www.amazon.com/Plex-Inc/dp/B004Y1WCDE/ (Thanks BikeRider!) CONS:- Included remote doesn't support voice search. That remote costs extra. Would be nice to have a second Fire TV Stick model that includes the voice search remote, rather can requiring us to buy a second remote.- Probably won't be able to use universal remotes with this unless Logitech offers a compatible device.- Not as fast as Fire TV, but since the Stick is so much cheaper, this is not really an issue.Read more
Since the Fire TV stick was announced, I've heard a lot of people wonder if it was something worth picking up, essentially asking what does this thing do that my TV doesn't do already The answer is going to be different for different people, but here's an easy way to think about it Amazon Fire TV Stick is an excellent purchase if:-Your TV is not a smart TV. Meaning your TV or dvd player did not come pre-loaded with apps such as Netflix, Youtube, Pandora etc...-Your TV is a smart TV, but apps do not perform well. Some smart TVs have painful performance when streaming video, apps can be difficult to update, wifi connection can be spotty etc...-You want to access Youtube, Netflix, Amazon Prime, Pandora, and other such apps on your TV-You are an Amazon Prime Member and want to access your Prime Video, Prime Music, and Prime Photo accounts-You want to participate in casual gaming on your television.-You want to listen to music on your TV-You want to have portability. In other words, Television access to the above services while you are travelling. (Amazon says the capability to use in hotels/dorms etc... with shared wifi that requires frequent password entry is coming soon)So, the bottom line is that the Fire TV Stick allows you to access your movies, music and photos as well as games and more via your television. If your TV already does these things well, or you're already doing them via other devices such as a game console, then this may not be worth your while.So, how easy is it to use I'm telling you, you do not have to have an ounce of technological know how to have this thing up and running in a matter of minutes.Read more
UPDATE! 11/11/15: More than a year now of using the stick literally every single evening for netflix, and it has been overall very reliable.Bottom line This is the best streaming device for the dollar(In my humble opinion) It's cheap, it handles netflix/prime/hboGo/plex/games/a lot more doesn't seem much slower than the full firetv box. I started with a Roku2 in the living room which got pushed to the bedroom when i got the firetv box, then the firetv stick replaced the roku2. I tried the roku stick but returned it because it was just too darn slow. I'm completely firetv now and 100 happy with it..What it does: It adds internet/streaming functionality to any tv/monitor with an HDMI port. You can use any of the thousands of paid and/or free apps such as netflix, amazon prime, hulu, plex, news, digital fireplace, etc... There's a ton you can do. With some extra effort you can sideload things like Kodi and 3rd party apps. It's super simple to use, and the image quality can be great if your internet connection is fast.The Good stuff...-Same pricerange as the less capable/less powered Chromecast Roku stick-More ram/memory than the competition(keeps things running smooth)-More storage space than the competition, you can store more apps/games/etc..-You can do some gaming with it, but the firetv box is better suited-So small you can bring it pretty much anywhere with ease.-Simple clean interface.-Lots of games/apps to choose from-The phone app is actually pretty usefulNot as good stuff...-No connections other than usb for power, if you need ethernet/audio in/out, get the box!Read more
I initially had trouble deciding between the paperwhite and the voyage because reviews more or less said the same thing: the paperwhite is great, but if you have spending money, go for the voyage.Fortunately, I had friends who owned each, so I ended up buying the paperwhite on this basis: both models now have 300 ppi, so the 80 dollar jump turns out pricey the voyage's page press isn't always sensitive, and if you are fine with a specific setting, you don't need auto light adjustment).It's been a week and I am loving my paperwhite, no regrets! The touch screen is receptive and easy to use, and I keep the light at a specific setting regardless of the time of day. (In any case, it's not hard to change the setting either, as you'll only be changing the light level at a certain time of day, not every now and then while reading).Also glad that I went for the international shipping option with Amazon. Extra expense, but delivery was on time, with tracking, and I didnt need to worry about customs, which I may have if I used a third party shipping service.
Allow me to preface this with a little history. I am (was) a casual reader who owned a Nook Simple Touch from 2011. I've read the Harry Potter series, Girl with the Dragon Tattoo series, 1984, Brave New World, and a few other key titles. Fair to say my Nook did not get as much use as many others may have gotten from theirs.Fast forward to today. I have had a full week with my new Kindle Paperwhite and I have to admit, I'm in love. Not just with the Kindle, but with reading all over again! Now let me relate this review, love, and reading all back to the Kindle. The investment of 139.00 is in the experience you will receive when you buy a Kindle. You are not simply paying for a screen there is an entire experience included in buying from Amazon.I have been reading The Hunger Games trilogy and shall be moving onto the Divergent series soon after. Here is the thing with the Nook that hindered me for the past 4 years: I was never inspired to pick it up, get it into my hands, and just dive in. There was never that feeling of oh man, reading on this thing is so awesome. However, with my Paperwhite, I now have that feeling! That desire is back and I simply adore my Kindle. If you are considering purchasing one, stop thinking about it simply go for it. After a full week, 3 downloaded books, and a ton of reading, I still have half of my battery left as well.Make yourself happy. Inspire the reader inside of you.
I have to say upfront - I don't like coroporate, hermetically closed stuff like anything by Apple or in this case, Amazon. I like having devices on which I can put anything I want and use it. But...I was a fairly happy user of a Nook Touch for several years, but couldn't use all its functionalities since I live in Serbia. Then I lost the Nook and since no other devices can actually be fully used in Serbia (buying books with them, using their online capabilities) except the Kindle, and since no one except Amazon ships to Serbia, and since I've actually been a happy Amazon customer since 2005 over friends' accounts and since 2007 through my own, and since the Kindle definitely has the best technology - why not buy itSo I did. What I read in many reviews about the screen/light of the Paperwhite and similar devices was no problem with mine. The light disperses just fine, except a few black blotches (maybe you can see it in the picture) at the bottom of the screen, which are actually shadows of the black plastic casing and thus can't really be avoided. As you can see in the picture without the light - there are no blotches with light out.The Paperwhite's screen is just marvelous at 300 ppi, the touchscreen works just fine, the store works here in Serbia, and in these two days I've been using it, I'm a happy guy.I had to get the hang on how to make sideloaded books behave at least almost like Amazon books, but that's fine. That's the one thing I'd like to see Amazon do in some future upgrades: make the Kindle treat sideloaded books just like the ones bought from them directly, with sharing funcion (quotes and Goodreads) enabled and so on.The size is perfect, it sits very well in the hand, the light doesn't hurt the eyes in the dark (like the light on a tab does)... the packaging was fine, no problems there and what remains to be seen now is the battery life.So far, I can only recommend it.
This is a review of the Kindle Paperwhite launched July 2015. Essentially. the same as the previous Kindle Paperwhite but with a fantastic upgraded (300 dpi) screen, more memory and storage it's a terrific reading device. This review aims to describe both this product, and compare it with the other Kindle devices available to help you choose the best one for you.Before I start, Ive noticed several complains about Kindle not supporting the ePub format used by Canadian public libraries. Dont be put off, theres a solution in the Frequently Asked Questions section below.This review is broken up into sections so you can skip the less interesting bits. If youre in a hurry Ive included a summary at the start, and a Frequently Asked Questions section at the end.Summary - What can you do with it-----------------------------------------* Read a book. It can store 1,000s of books - take an entire library away with you on holiday.* Buy a book. You can browse the Amazon kindle store, and buy books over a WIFI connection* Borrow a book. Using the Kindle Owners Library you can borrow one of 60,000 books (if you have Amazon Prime Membership)* Share your books. Using Amazon Family Library to link two Amazon accounts and four children and share your books with the entire family* Highlight a section. Using the touch screen, you can highlight a particulary interesting few lines. If several people highlight the same section, that's also indicated.* Record a bookmark. To come back to it later* Read a book on your Kindle, continue on your smartphone or tablet computer, and it will jump to your last known position* Look up a word, and record them in the vocabulary builder* Track a characters appearance throughout a book using the X Ray feature.* Read for weeks without needing to recharge - typically 4-6 weeks* Share you books (Multiple Kindles on the same account, or family sharing)* Access every book you've ever owned on the cloud - available for download within seconds over WIFI or 3G..What Devices are available--------------------------------As of July 2015, Amazon have the following Kindle devices on sale:-1. Kindle 6 (around CDN 79)2. Kindle Paperwhite 6th Generation (212 dpi - launched October 2013) - around CDN 1292. New Kindle Paperwhite 7th Gen (300 dpi - launched July 2015) - around CDN 139-2093. Kindle Voyger - around US 219-289 (Doesnt seem to be on sale in Amazon Canada)4. Kindle Fire - 6 or 7 colour tablet computers at around CDN 300-400So you're faced with a few devices, plus additional options. Which to buy Here's a quick summary in order of cost.*** The entry level Kindle ***An entry level black and white (e-ink) book reader, it has a 6 inch touch screen with enough storage to hold thousands of books, and a battery which should last around 4 weeks.A terrific device to read books, and a worthy contender. For the technically minded, it has a 1Ghz processor and 4Gb of memory with an E-ink display. Essentially this means it's (a) Black and White (b) Fantastic to read even in bright sunlight (c) Requires very little power - hence the battery lasts for weeks instead of hours.*** New Kindle Paperwhite ***Launched in 2015, this is really an upgrade adding a super-sharp display with 300 pixels per inch - the same as the top of the range Voyage. The high resolution screen does provide a crisp text which is pleasing to the eye, but battery life is reduced from 8 weeks of the original Paperwhite to 6 weeks - but still a very long time.Compared to the existing (2013) Paperwhite it also includes double the memory which means its faster and slicker than before, and a new Bookerly font plus better presentation of fonts on screen.If you have an existing Paperwhite its probably not worth upgrading. However, if you own a prior device, youll notice the huge leap in screen quality, contrast and performance.*** The Voyage ***Far more expensive that Paperwhite, this is thinner and 26g lighter. It has more of a quality feel with the screen flush with the e-reader body which makes it look more like a tablet, and keeps dirt from getting caught in the edges. The back has a soft touch plastic finish which feels lovely in the hand, and it has new Page Press buttons on the side to turn the pages. When the buttons are pressed theres a gentle vibration for feedback (nice touch). It has 4Gb of storage (same as the Paperwhite), and a similar battery which should last around 6 weeks on a single charge.Although it has the same sharp (300 dpi) screen as the Paperwhite, the backlight includes an ambient light sensor so it automatically adjusts to different lighting conditions. This means if you read it the dark it will automatically adjust the brightness so it doesnt look too bright. In addition, youll find when you switch off the room light your eyes naturally become accustomed to the darkness. To compensate, the Voyage automatically softens the light slightly. A lovely example of attention to detail in this premium device.*** Kindle Fire Tablet Computer ***The Kindle Fire range is a very different beast to the rest of the Kindle range. Similar to the Apple iPad mini, it has a high resolution screen, a fast processor and lots of memory with a colour screen and a much shorter battery life - hours rather than weeks. Although you can read books on a Fire using the Amazon Kindle App, youll find the Kindle with its sharp black and white screen far more like reading a physical book. Youll find it produces less eye strain, and whereas a tablet computer is better suited to surfing the web, watching videos and reading eMails, the Kindle is a dedicated book reader device.Unlike a Kindle, the Fire produces light at the blue end of the spectrum which means it may make it harder for you to sleep. The Paperwhite and Voyage also ave the advantage of a soft white back-light which is far more suited to reading in bed, and it wont for example, wake your partner if reading in the dark.Finally, unlike the rest of the Kindle range, the Fire is almost useless in bright sunlight so while its fine for everyday use, its less useful on holiday. The Kindle range of devices are perfect to take away on holiday as they can carry thousands of books, and are a pleasure to read even in bright sunlight.What other options do I have----------------------------------Having decided upon the model (Kindle, Paperwhite, Voyage or Fire), the next decision is around:-* Special Offers - ie. adverts* 3G or WIFI connectionPersonally I have no issue with adverts on a Kindle. They only appear on screen when the screen saver is on, and are not at all distracting.The 3G option is a more difficult question. This effectively means you can use your kindle to buy or download books over-the-air instead of at home or near a WIFI hotspot. Personally I went for the WIFI model as the saving is considerable, but its a personal choice. Of course if you wont have WIFI at home, then youll need the 3G option.One point worth mentioning however, is if you have a modern smartphone, you can always create a Personal Hotspot or local WIFI signal that your Kindle (or indeed any other WIFI device) can connect to. Got to Settings Personal Hotspot on your mobile to set one up, and you can connect your WIFI only Kindle while youre out and about.Conclusion-------------If you love books but your on a budget, the original Kindle with WIFI and special offers is a great option. Youll still be able to carry thousands of book around with you, but youll lose out on the soft white back-light and super crisp display of the Papwerwhite.The Kindle Paperwhite is your next best option and is a terrific device for reading with a superb 300 dpi super-sharp screen. Finally, theres the top of the range Voyage with the page press buttons and ambient light sensor which automatically adjusts the brightness.If youre in the market for a Tablet Computer then the Kindle Fire range is worth considering, but youll get a better book reading experience on the Kindle. Myself I have both a Paperwhite and an iPad Air 2. I was skeptical at first, but the Kindle is a perfect device for reading with one hand (on the train), and the back-light and long battery life a huge bonus.Frequently Asked Questions---------------------------------Q: What file format will a Kindle readA: Kindle Format 8 (AZW3), Kindle (AZW), TXT, PDF, unprotected MOBI, PRC natively in addition to HTML, DOC, DOCX, JPEG, GIF, PNG, BMP through conversionQ: What It doesnt support EPUB formatA: No - but you can convert your EPUB books using a freely available program called Calibre. Simple search for You Tube um0teoAR6zw and youll see a video explaining how to do this. Simples.Q: If I lose my Kindle, do I lose my books as wellA: No. All books are available on your Amazon account to download on a new device.Q: Can I save my place in the bookA: Yes. It will automatically save your place, and if you resume on other device it will prompt you to jump to that position.Q: I often need reading glasses - can I adjust the font sizeA: Yes. Theres a range of fonts, and sizes to suit all tastesQ: Can I share books with my partner or childrenA: Yes. You can now share your books using Amazon Family Library to link two Amazon accounts and four children and share your books with the entire familyQ. Can I use a Kindle to read in bedA. Yes. But only on the Paperwhite and Voyage models. Its a pleasure to read in the dark with a soft white light. For the base Kindle model youll need the light onQ. Are there any free books availableA. Yes! Over 40,000 classic titles are available for free (out of copyright), and they can be legally downloaded. If you have a Amazon Prime membership you can also borrow a book from the Kindle Owners Library which includes around 60,000 books.Q: How long does the battery lastA: Depending upon model, you should get between 4 and 6 weeks between charges on around 30 minutes of reading per day. Ive certainly found Ive gone for weeks without charging the deviceQ: How long does it take to chargeA: From absolutely flat, around 4 hoursQ: How many books will the Kindle holdA: Literally thousands. You can also download every book youve ever owned from your Amazon account - so the list is quite literally unlimited.Q: Do I need anything elseA: Youll need a smartphone charger or laptop with a USB socket as the Kindle range doesnt come with a charger (but the Fire does). Amazon also offer an additional charger to buy if you need it. Some people also buy a cover, but I think this is not really needed. It adds to the weight, and is not really needed. It will protect your Kindle from a drop however, and protect the screen if its left knocking around in a bag.
I love my kindle! I got one for my fiance on his birthday, he loved it!!!!!!! so I decided to get one for myself as well and I am glad I did. It is very easy to read books in it. I LOVE the dictionary on this little device. Normally I just skip a word I don't know the meaning of and try to guess what it means in the context but with kindle, I just press and hold my finger on the word I don't know and translation pops up! so essentially, the meaning of a new word is at your finger tips! )If you love to read books, I highly recommend kindle.However, if you only read Manga or Comic books, if you are a fan of buying how to draw, how to sew books I do not recommend kindle for you. It is not easy to navigate trough pictures and slides.So if you are a fan of reading novels just buy it now!If you are a manga fan, just buy your manga books from bookstores.
Exactly what it is supposed to be. Works great and I love the built-in light. Perfect reader, and very quick delivery.
Almost like reading a real book. Don't is crisp, sharp and easy to read. I've held out from buying a reader for years because I could never quite get past the fact it wasn't a book. With this new kindle I don't even notice, I am immediately immersed. Wildly better than I expected.
I already had an original Kindle Paperwhite and loved it. Buying this in addition seemed like a bit of an indulgence but I am so pleased I made this move. I love the new font and the clarity of the screen. I love that the Kindle comes to life when I open the cover (I bought a new cover with the magnetic clasp). While there is nothing dramatic about the evolving of the Kindle there are enough changes and improvements for me to feel I have made a great purchase which I am happy with. I also have a bunch of books from my Amazon.co.uk site which I access on my 'old' Kindle (I couldn't work out how, if at all, I can move books from one Amazon jurisdiction to another) so this has proved a good purchase all round.
Received my new kindle in perfect condition and I am very happy it is faster and a clearer it has a. bigger had drive at a good price and a fast delivery that you can count on you can not go wrongThank you
I love it so and so my kids.They r enjoying playing the educational games, and watching cartoons.
I love it for my kids, they r enjoying playing games and watching kids cartoon.
My daughter loves it! She uses it with ease, which makes me an mommy very happy. No complaints. I would definitely recommend this product to a friend. Very helpful employees at Best Buy as well.
What a great tablet for for the grand kids.easy to use,can't say how many times it's hit the floor and no damage.
This device is a classic reader for people also a good gift for students. It is very comfortable to use it.
I bough this for my husband and he loves it so much uses it everyday!! Worth ever penny!
I had one of the original Kindles and gave it to my daughter when I got an iPad. As much as I love my iPad, it's not ideal as an E-reader. After a trip or two this summer to the beach with a good old fashioned paperback, I figured I'd try out the New Kindle Paperwhite. I'm so glad I did! It is small, lightweight, and holds a charge for days! I love it, and have been reading book after book since my purchase.
Very easy to use. It's small enough to fit in my purse so I can always have a book to read with me.
Great product we love it, buybuyby good good good product
The battery lasts very long. This saves me so much space at home!! I take it with me everywhere gym, work, long trips!! Very happy with my purchase...
I got it just for reading text books...great for readin
Really like the touch screen factor. Really lights up easy to read especially since you can enlarge the font
I prefer the deficated e-readers to tablets for reading. I have both this Paoerwhite and a current-gen Nook Glow Light. I really like the Glow Light  especially its rugged construction  and I still use it, but the Paperwhite is better.The Glow Light has no bevel and a touch-sensitive button on the front. This means I am constantantly turning the page or returing to the home screen by accident. It's very annoying, and I have a hard time finding a comfortable way to hold it. It seems like I'm always thinking about where my fingers are. I do not have this problem at all on the Paperwhite.The Paperwhite is a great little reader for the money. I would definitely buy another.
If you are a hardcore reader, this is your Kindle! The light makes a huge difference to read under any conditions, its a big improvement from the standard Kindle, if you are unsure between one or the other, go for the Paperwhite, its worth the extra money.
The device has friendly operation interface. The resolution is high.The battery also lasts pretty long. It is a good one. I like it.
I bought an extra power cord for my Echo a month ago but it has been on backorder. Then when I went to check, it was not scheduled to ship for another few weeks. I then saw this one, and it is new. I placed an order for it and it was at my door in two days with Prime.I love my Echo and wish I could buy another at the introductory rate that I did a year ago. We use it daily in our household, mainly for news and listening to music while cooking in the kitchen. We wanted another one for the main bedroom for the alarm, weather, and music. Having poor eyesight, it is nice to ask Alexa what the weather is rather then trying to find my glasses in the dark. I bough the extra cord and plugged it into my nightstand. I now unplug the one in the kitchen and plug it into the bedroom. Within a minute it is back online.So much easier than buying two Echos. Feels solid and just like the first one, very pleased.
Our Alexa stopped working so Amazon customer service suggested I try purchasing a new adapter. It arrived and fixed the problem. It was a much cheaper, and easier fix than I anticipated. Very happy with this product!
This really helped me use my echo more- having 2 plugs helps make moving it to another room easier.
Thanks to Amazon for standing behind the product they sell, mine quit working after a year and replaced it. GREAT!
A while ago, my Echo power supply stopped working. At the time, Amazon was out of the OEM power supply and provided me with a replacement from China. That one worked but was bulky and not as good looking as the OEM one, so I decided, when Amazon had caught up with back orders, to reorder a 'real' power supply. Very glad that I did.Sleek, stylish power supply for my Amazon Echo. Works as it should, and hopefully will last longer than my previous power supply!
I bought this thinking it was needed for the Echo that I purchased. It was not. However if I ever want an Amazon Fire TV it will be ready.
My Echo's power adapter began making a tiny but very audible noise that was disconcerting. My Echo continued to work well, but I needed to get rid of the aggravating and disconcerting noise, so I bought another adapter. This adapter works without making any noise. I am pleased with it.
I needed a tablet to keep at the hospital during overnight stays so I decided based on price to get the kindle 8 and I am pleased I did! For only $89 the bright picture, sound, storage, and ease of use is well worth it.
My wife has used a Kindle Fire for years now and it was time to upgrade her. This device went on sale right before Mother's Day and I knew it was time to upgrade her 3 year old device. I picked a color and ordered and delivery to the store and pickup was just in time for the weekend. Overall, great product and great service from Best Buy for getting it to me in time.
I love the kindle. I have had 4 versions now. (None of them broke down, I just upgraded) The new one has more storage space and handles everything I want to do. It is the perfect size and easy to carry. The Fire products are just a great deal.
How can you beat a good android based tablet under $100? By making it an Amazon tablet. Great product works great will be using this for years.
Very happy with this product. It is a great deal at this price point
Gave this as an early bday gift for a friend that hooked me on eReaders. The improvements to the time it holds a charge and screen size are awesome!
The Kindle Fire HD8 6th Generation is Wonderful! My old, old, old one was the 7" screen which was fine, but the 8" is even nicer. It still fits easily in my purse to take along with me. It's great having the camera which takes nice pics. I haven't tried the "Alexa" feature yet, so can't say much about that. The blue shade feature is wonderful for night time reading in bed. With my old one, even on the lowest setting, it would still disturb my husband sometimes. The blue shade provides a soft, gentle color that is easy to read and easy on your eyes. Using the internet is much quicker and smoother on this version as well. It's just better suited to it than my older version was. My only complaint is that the choices for cases are much more limited than cases for the older versions. After lots of searching, I found one on Amazon that I really like, but didn't have much choice in designs/colors.Overall I LOVE my Kindle!
I love this tablet. It is a perfect size, works great and was very affordable.
My mom loves this More space and functions very well!
So easy to use and keep track of what children are doing .
This tablet has exceeded all of my expectations. This was purchased to replace a 4 year old iPad mini, and I could not be happier. This work great.
I purchased one for myself, then went back bought one for my niece. Then thought how much I love the ease and function of the Kindle got my sister one. I can't say how much I use my Kindle my niece and sister agree best gift I every gave them.
This is a great tablet for the price. Gave it my not so tech savvy mom for her birthday and she loves it!
Good this is an excellent tablet, I will recommend it
I absolutely love this tablet!!! If I had bought this prior to buying my Kindle Paperwhite e-reader, I would have not purchased the e-reader at all, however it's nice to have just a designated e-reader device. The size is perfect! I am actually going to use this device instead of my 17" laptop to check my emails during the day.
This generation works much better than my previous Kindle Fire. I'm very happy with it.
Love the no glare feature. Perfect for outdoors. This is light weight and will be great for travel.
Just what my 10 year old needed to take her tech to the next level. Love the parental controls to keep her safe online
Bought four of these for grandkids. Suitable for adults, super fast, great operating system.
Extremely easy to setup. Good screen quality, good battery life. Extremely pleased.
Having not used android before I found this tablet very easy to use.
Good and smooth speed. Long battery with quick charge
My son and I love the tablet. Works great! Thanks!
Picked this up to keep the book reading and main tablet games on different devices. Been working good so far for the whole family.
I am happy with my item.i enjoy my product. I always shop best buy
excellent quality, easy to use. perfect screen size and picture quality. Not slow at all. very efficient.
This is a very nice tablet for my GF who has never had one before.
Awesome tablet my wife loves it, got it for a present, read books surf the net watch Hulu and Netflix real cheap
Great table. Great price i recomend this product im very happy
This table working perfect. Ir has very good resolution
Got this for my mom for Mother's Day and she loved it
My wife loves this kindle big upgrade over her 3rd gen. Works just as well as a tablet as an ereader
This little tablet was a great purchase. My kids used it on a long trip, and they mostly watched videos and played games. The screen is pretty poor compared to higher-end models, but it's pretty great for the price. There are certainly superior tablets out there, but if you need a cheap tablet, this is certainly worthy of 5-stars for the class. The operating system, the touch screen, and the screen quality themselves are drastically lower-quality than a Surface, iPad, or Galaxy Tablet, but so is the price. So as long as you aren't expecting this device to rival an iPad retina screen, you should be pleased.
This tablet is great for a beginner. It is really inexpensive and does a great job for a young kid. I purchased this for my nephew. He loves it.
First time buyer of an Amazon tablet and it was a great decision. Very easy setup and my mom found it easier to use than the unit it replaced.
Bought for drivers to log into peoplenet for work. Very easy to navigate. We luv it
My husband wanted a tablet, mostly for reading books. He had looked at some but hadn't purchased one. I went online and read reviews and picked this one. He has been so pleased and uses it all the time.
If you are an Amazon Prime member this tablet works well. It is designed so you have easy access to Prime Books, Amazon Music.
A great small tablet - works very well for a young person.
I love my kindle fire. It is a 16 GB but I change it to 32GB.
Grandkids loved it the perfect xmas present for ages 5 to 15
I love love love this tablet. My old hp tablet finally quit working and check around what would serve my needs and this was it
Wanted something cheap to bring on flights and this did not disappoint. Battery life is good and screen is average at best.
This was a gift for my 7 year old grandson. He loved it. It's easy for him to use and the parental controls were perfect to keep him away from inappropriate content. Hours of entertainment for traveling. Great for games and movies for some quiet down time.
My kids liked it very much.It is a good worth tab.
VERY parent friendly! Extremely thorough parental controls. We were told at the store there was no way to block internet or control other content on a tablet, so we decided not to get one. Then, we read about the integrated parental controls with the Fire and gave it a try. It allowed us to do everything we wanted and more. Also, very easy set up and use!
Thanks for making the purchase easy The product is good
I had known Amazon was going to release the next Generation a few weeks after I bought this one! OTOH, my wife is happy with it. It just offended my geek side. However, it has Alexa and integrates well with my Philips Hue equipment.
My kids have gone through several Amazon Tablets and this one is by-far the best one I have seen.
Best investment in a tablet ever. It takes good videos which I used a lot for my sisters competitions. Can type a paper. Light and easy to use. Purchased all my school text books on here instead of carrying 50 pounds. Battery lasts. And good to watch movies on. Absolutely love it add a memory card to it and you'll be able to use it for whatever and wherever.
I never thought I would ever purchase a Kindle device for reading books, but now that I have one, I wish I would have done this a long time ago. I enjoy being able to read anywhere. Plus being able to purchase a book anytime I want is such a nice feature.
I love my Kindle Fire! I like the bigger screen of the HD8 versus the 7.
Decent speed and a nice screen make this a great device for the money. I find myself using it more and more.
Love the easy use of the system and the lots of books you can get from amazon
My new kindle is great for for my bible classes. I can reference the Catholic Bible and Catholic Catechism easily and download readings. I got one for my friend too.
Love my Kindle, easy to use and works great! Would recommend.
I love it! Perfect size to carry with me in my purse.
Bought 2 for kids taking a long flight . It was perfect size for movies and games. Easy travel size
This is a great starter tablet for kids and adults alike. It's always at a great price and works beautifully.
Steady learning new things daily on my new Kindle.
Works great and enjoy using it. No problems yet. Might get another one soon.
I love my new Fire HD and it takes great photos! It has a nice size screen but is compact enough to fit in my purse.
Great quality, over priced apple tablets! Fire has domain! Simplicity! Overall easy to navigate!
best one yet for the money however when it rains iy rains
I live on my fire tablet and love this one, great graphics and speed
I bought this case for my son, fits perfectly! Easy to put on, love it!
Bought for my mother in law and she hasn't had any issues with it. Runs her games and internet browser fine.
My mom was looking for a affordable tablet. I bought mine at best buy last November. I recommended the fire tablet and she loves it.
It is easy to use & is small & compact. I can read my email, shop, read books., take pictures & play games all at my fingertip.
Easy to use for a beginner. This is my first tablet and I thought I'd have to take advantage of the free setup but I didn't . I love being able to take it with me so I can read while waiting places and not have to carry two books if I'm close to the end of one. I also love the camera. My personal camera was always low on battery power but now I can take my Kindle Fire with me and take photos when ever I want.
Nice reader, good screen, easy to use, and the camera is a nice bonus.
i very happy with my tablet i love it and if i ever get a new one it will be bigger love it
Good tablet for a good price. Great for our 8 year old
Great tablet great screen built well responds well
I have enjoyed many features this tablet has to offer.
she says it gives her what she wants and love it very much.
Needed something smaller than a laptop to carry around. This is perfect.
Love everything about this television. Quality is great!Price is great!Happy all around!
the recipient of this gift was very happy to receive it. worked great
My 5 years old son has loads of fun with this tablet. I would buy again.
The Kindle Fire HD 8 is great for users of all types!
I love it. It is just as they said. Kindle fire hd.
Nice little tablet and the price was perfect. Can take it anywhere
This was a very good buy at a great price; the tablet works fine for the purpose in which it was purchased and I'm very happy.
The battery life is amazing and quickly gets a full charge
Bought this for a Christmas Gift, the item is great
I've had this tablet for several months now and have had no problems with it. 8 in screen is perfect easy to hold, not too big or too small. 16GB ROM(about 12gb available after updates and built in apps) is good if you don't have a lot of apps or games. The RAM could be bigger but it doesn't lag even with some medium gaming. 1.5ghz processor is not for heavy gaming, but for everyday use is great. The battery life is excellent I would say easily 8 hours or 5 to 6 if gaming. While this is not a HD display the colors are sharp, some glare if in the sun. Camera sucks but decent for the price, no issues connecting and syncing my data to my Amazon account. If you are an Amazon Prime member definitely buy this tablet and even if you aren't this tablet gives you a lot for the price. I wish Amazon would offer more than 90 day warranty but overall very impressed and satisfied with my purchase.
I have enjoyed my kindle since purchasing it over 5 months ago. As a law student it's a great way to have all of my books on one device and accessible on the go.
Just love the new kindle fire hd8 does all that I want and then some
Although this won't be competing with the iPad or some higher end android tablets, this easily outperforms any other tablet in this price range. I also love the fact that, although this is made of plastic, it has a unibody design and great build quality; not flimsy like many other tablets at this price.
It meet my expectations. It performs well compared to other tables. I am very satisfied with the product and it quality. Lastly, it worth the price I paid for.
I love everything about the kindle fire but i would like a bigger screen
This newest version of Fire works great! Responds fast to opening apps and speed of browser is quick. The color choices are nice too!
This tablet is for our 9 year old grandson. It works out great for him to play games on.
I have only used this a few times so far, but I like it. The lightweight and pretty easy to navigate. Perfect screen size too. I ended up purchasing a second one for my fianc.
This is an awesome tablet, fast, great HD display and has all the apps I need for personal entertainment. If you look for a great tablet for entertainment, surfing the net, or reading your e-mail, this is the best you can have. I also purchased a 128 GB SanDisk Ultra Plus memory card. I strongly recommend it, not for work but its great for entertainment.
The new tablet is great  nice upgradesLove how easy it is to use. Easy to get apps, shop and browse the web.
Purchased this Kindle Fire HD8 from Best Buy. My fianc downloaded her first book. She already started reading and said it is really cool to use. She said it is easy to see and navigate.
Bought this tablet for my fiance daughter, after getting it home and set up, I decided to keep it for myself. Great screen and works great with my pair of Amazon echos. I love it and highly recommend it.
Am very happy with my kindle fire. Many options. Books that I had read on my kindle transferred over without any issues.
I bought this after being an avid Apple fan for the last 10 years. I had old style two Apple TV's and even bought a new Apple TV to help with me cutting the cord to DirectTV after 11 years. I switch to using the Apple TV with the DirecTV Now streaming service. After the Apple TV would no longer let friends or family airplay to it because of new updates or let me load any third party apps I knew it was time to switch. It was a great switch to the Fire TV and I have not looked back. I have been able to load numerous apps that are not available on the Apple TV such as Showbox and Kodi. My biggest complaint was the Fire TV remote was not able to control the volume on my sound bar like the Apple TV remote and was not able to turn my TV or sound bar on or off. The Sideclick remote was exactly what I needed. I was able to program the remote to control power and sound level, along with change the input on the TV. I would highly recommend using the Fire TV.Pros:Works extremely wellAllows 3rd party app installationMuch cheaper than Apple TVAllows use of amazon music which Apple TV did notCons:Home page is not at visually pleasing as the Apple TVRemote does not have volume controlsRemote is not touch sensitive and has a very loud *click* noise when pushing buttons.
I love this product. Perfect size for travel. I take it everywhere. Great for watching videos as well.
Great price! Kids love it. Lots of space for apps!
Bought this for my son's birthday and he absolutely loves it. Great price as well.
My son love his kindle! Perfect size and good price
Great product. Highly recommended. Great value and great price
I got a great tablet from a great company with excellent customer service.I love buying from best buy and i love the warranties they offer
I bought this for my Grandkids and they absolutely love them.
The Fire Tablet has an amazing screen great price SIM card slot
Excelent product, cheap and great quality... love it
Love the tablet, just wish they had included a booklet with it and not just an on line referral. Since this is not my first tablet I was familiar with things, but for a new user, I think a booklet of some sort would be a help
I am always happy with the products I purchased, especially the Kindle Fire. The are reasonably priced. I have 3; one is for my granddaughter when she she visits.
Great product for a great price. Can't get any better.
This is one of the best tablets in this price range.
This tablet stands head and shoulders above the rest when it comes to proportion of price/quality. Amazon continues to improve upon its quality.
It's a great gadget for children when going on trips, also traveling
Bought it for my husband's birthday so he could read books and download music. He loves it and for the price it was well worth it!
Very great tablet for a cheap price I love it I will recommend it to others
It's a great starter tablet for kids an even adults at a good price. You can also use a memory card.
Purchased this at a great price to use as an on the go tablet. Works great and is easy to use.
A little complicated in the beginning when opening the apps but once you get the hang of it then it's easy and fast.
So easy for parents to keep track of what their children are doing!
My cousin are really happy..nice working, good looking
Best new product to own for anyone, even children.people scoff when they see some kid with a device, but I think they are a great teaching tool.Thanks
My son's previous Kindle Fire HDX 6 broke and I needed an inexpensive replacement. This Kindle Fire HD 7 was a great replacement for only $50.00. Great resolution, perfect size for a 10 year old boy.
What is there to say about the best 7 inch andriod tablet there is.
very nice thanks best buy very fast and very good price
I bought this tablet for my wife to play games on and read her books- she loves it! It was easy to set up and get going quickly!
I was skeptical at first but I love love love it!!!
Bought for grandkids. They love playing the games that game with it.
The item I bought was so great! Best Buy's products are the best!
When I purchased the Kindle, I was doing a lot of travel. It was great having access to material that had been downloaded prior to leaving.Great item for all ages.
Bought this kindle almost 2 years ago and it's still going strong.
Purchased for my mother so she would have something bigger to look at besides her phone. It works wonderful.
Best tablet for the price by far. Its also conveint they have it in stock at best buy.
It's a great tablet. it does lots of things. It works great with school work.
Bought this as a 2nd tablet for my mom gor xmas. Its been well over 6 months, it is still going amazingly well!
Great buy for my money great quality and durability
Tucks into my purse for on the go entertainment.It has great battery life for reading or gaming.
This tablet works wondeful and it is perfect for children who are learning to read and do math.
It's been a year and the tablet is still working great.
Bought a 2 blacks, blue & orange. These tablets are amazing & awesome price. I would like to purchase a purple one for myself.
Bought a 2 blacks, blue & orange. These tablets are amazing & awesome price. i would like to purchase the prurple one for myself.
Bought a 2 blacks, blue & orange. These tablets are amazing & awesome price
Love the Blue color!!! Great Tablet to travel with. I also got the orange and purple color one, love the colors :)
This is one of the best shopping you can do for a child under 10 years
it meets my expectations. speed,storage,efficiency and effective,reliable
My husband got this for Father's Day. He loves the ease of downloading his favorite music and books.
I have found this to be a most capable tablet and would recommend it.
I purchased this as a gift for my father and he has absolutely enjoyed having it!!! It was indeed a good purchase!!!
It's perfect for kids, and adults who want to take a tablet on the go, and not worry so much! It seams very durabale.
A kindle is great you can do alot on it reading books, getting on the internet, playing games just like a tablet.
Amazed that with the Kindle Fire my kids are able to play games, view movies and read
My son just loves watching movies on it. Very easy to use.
Very good product and easy to use and very helpful
Mom has a Kindle she loves. She was using an old Samsung Tab2 of mine that finally died. I got the Fire tablet so she could have the best of both worlds. She LOVES it!
These make great gifts. It encourages reading, and the camera is a great addition.
Works great and exactly as a tablet should. Awesome price at Best Buy! Keep in mind there are certain apps that aren't compatible with Amazon, so check it out beforehand at the store, but if you can DO without those apps then its perfect for anyone .
This is a great tablet for reading or searching the Web for idem's
I love it. I have several all of kids enjoy it and so do I
Very good tablet for my daughter she has really enjoyed it
Very easy to use. Very fast & good price. Would recommend this for a beginner
This has been the best tablet for my son. It is durable and easy to use.
Bought this for one of my 4 young nephews; he loves it. Sharp graphics, great sound and vivid colors. We played some racing game he got me hooked to (downloaded it on my phone, now my wife/daughter tease me about it. The price was more than fair, and I like the craftsmanship (compared to the Sero 7 Pro I own), its light and ease to carry, and keeps youngins occupied for quite some time (added bonus)! Definitely worth the purchase.
We use this for educational purposes for my kids - they love it!
Purchased Amazon Fire for my sister-in-law. She really likes it. It uses it for mainly reading her books.
This product meets all of my requirements and is very fast and easy to use. Locating and logging into other "public" WiFi systems was and is fast and easy.
I bought this tablet to hold all of my digital sheet music and refer to it at rehearsal. It works great for the intended purpose and the price was right.
Got this for my nine year old daughter and she loves it. Works great for her to watch Netflix and play games and anything she likes doing.
We were not expecting more than what we got in terms of performance but good enough for simple browsing and videos.
One of the best items I have bought! Just wonderful we use it all the time.
I wanted a kindle that I could use to view movies on when traveling, and this item was the perfect choice. It's my go-to device!
The 7" Amazon Kindle Fire is the best starter tablet on the market, which I have purchased and gave a presents to high school and college graduates...
love it......................small and efficient..
I am very happy with my kindle 7, excellent, useful.
My children love their tablets plus they were more affordable than kid tablets. I just purchased a child proof case and downloaded the games they play. Totally worth it!
I purchased this tablet for my 2 year old niece, and it works great, no issues at all, she mainly uses it to watch barney and Elmo episodes... easy to setup parental controls for safety... easy to handle especially for a child, very small and lightweight... recommend to all
Needed for a friend that is blind and it is great for audible books.
This product is excellent for what we need.....only internet!
I would recommend a kindle fire to everyone. My kids love them and love amazon!
Originally purchased for my husband but it has since become our daughter's favorite device. She enjoys watching YouTube videos and playing games on it. Went without a case or screen protector for several months and we are very pleased with how durable it is.
The product was in good condition and my child enjoyed it
I bought this for my spouse, I already have one and know what to expect. Shop around for best price! Only black was available but at least it was in stock. Staff were helpful.
My grandson loved it He plays it everyday Papa I love it
Best tablet I've ever owned. Super clear picture, amazing sound & the battery lasts forever. Brightness is adjustable so it's great for reading or games & playing around on the internet.
This is a product that provides a great value. It serves its purpose for the price I paid for it and seems to work well.
It's a great value for the price, just know you don't have the same freedoms with a normal Android tablet because this runs FireOS. The battery life is good. The screen isn't the best but hey it's a bargain for kids or just using as a e-reader.
Ran out to buy a tablet quickly and was pleasantly surprised by this one! Great price easy purchase!
I've had for 1yr and works great. No complaints. Battery life is good.
The tablet is almost perfect, needs to add more apps
Bought this for my wife and she loves it definitely worth it
Loved this kindle! Bought it for my siblings. They loved it too and it was cheap for me!
Works great wife uses it everyday she downloads books from amazon
Love this little tablet. My 5 year old will leave my iPad alone now!! Apps work great and sound is awesome!!
I have a 17" laptop, cell phone,Chromebook and 4th grader. Adding the 7 (and 8") Fire to the list give us the flexibility with different devices to fit our needs. My laptop is hardly "lap" friendly for more than 15 minutes, much as I do love it. The Fire is very user friendly and parental settings are, 'set it and forget'. The battery life is another huge perk, out lasting most other devices on my list. Picture quality will suffice although I do prefer the 8" Fire tablet.
The Kindle Fire is el Fuego! That means it's good for what I ask it to do. I watch movies, read books, search the internet for ingredients that allow me to make delicious oatmeal cookies, and when in a pinch, this thing is just the right size to serve the cookies on also!
This tablet was awesome. My kids enjoy their time on it and it is virtually indestructible. I would highly recommend this tablet for all kids not just for the tough wear and tear but also the parents security settings very good. I highly recommend this product to all parents looking for a good tablet for their kids to enjoy.
Love my fire!! Easy to download books and is a great tablet for being so small. Price is right too.
Fire tabs always work great! I will always recommend it
The Amazon Fire 7" tablet is a good value for the money. You can do all the things you would do with most other tablets. It is pretty simple to use. You can take photos, play games, access email, Facebook, etc.
It was a gift for my grandson . It is a great gift idea at a good price
Wanted to Start my 6 & 7 year olds with a small tablet because they claimed their to big for a regular kids tablet. This was perfect for them... The picture quality is awesome.
This item is perfect for young kids it keeps them busybody
I bought this for a raffle at the school I work at. It has many educational apps and the student who won it was thrilled!
This is my 2nd purchase of this tablet! But for positive reasons I bought one and had to buy one for my daughter also she loves it, the apps the games and music work fine with and without wifi!
I needed a tablet that both he and I could work with, and the Amazon fire has been a perfect fit!
I bought it to have at work, since it is small and affordable. The picture quality is great and the sound as well. My tablet has turned into the office music source on day there isn't anything good on the radio.
Brought for my mom and she loves it worth every penny
This is an awesome tablet. I would highly recommend it.
Bought for my students to use in class if they don't have a cell phone so we can play interactive games. Good price so I was able to buy a few.
I received this tablet as a gift. I love it so much that I bought one for my husband.
LOVE my Kindle Fire. Functions well and is a great and cheaper tablet alternative. Does everything I would want a tablet for at a much more reasonable price.
I got this to play games and to be on facebook. love it
This tablet serves its purpose well. Plenty powerful for an e-reader and basic web surfing. Apps are limited to the versions Amazon has which may not be the latest version compared to the Google store. There is a way to get Google apps on this tablet if you do a little research.
We bought this for our kids when we were traveling to the Caribbean on vacation. This was the perfect lifesaver as we were able to load up with lots of apps to keep them occupied.
Great buying experience. Bought online. Shipped and received sooner than expected. I wil Buy from Best Buy again!
Bought 2 of these for 2 of my nephews and they love it! Keeps them occupied for hours at a time as they explore the features it offers, especially all of the free games they're able to download and play. Was a better gift for my lil sis who now gets a break while the tablets babysit ;)I like the sleek design, the quality feel of the materials, the sharp graphics, beautiful colors and fast response of the tablet. Also, for the price, not many others are comparable. Setup wasn't as easy as some I've had in the past, but we got it done. Would definitely recommend this for anyone in the market for a cheap but quality tablet!
Great product and only $40! I purchased 2 of them along with the compatible SanDisk 200gb micro SD cards to max out the storage capability. I was able to copy my child's stored tv shows & moves on to the sd cards from my PC's hard drive, now they can watch their shows on the go, it makes car trips a lot easier! I also purchased Skullcandy Bluetooth headphones for each of them (got em' for $10 during Christmas). They paired with the Kindle in seconds, no trouble at all. + Kindle's customer support is awesome if you need them, their service is like no other...
I purchased this for my fianc. She reads books with it,surfs the web, and watches Netflix on it. Very easy set up and easy to use. It also comes in different colors.
You give an amazing 7 tablet, with front and rear facing cameras, a nice interface, fairly snappy performance and durability, all for under 50 bucks! I cant imagine not buying these for your kids, but not a primary tablet for a techie adult by any means.I f you are looking for a great entry level tablet that does most of the things people want, this little tablet definitely delivers the value.
I still haven't used the camera, once I figure it out I will use it. I love the features on it. I use it for facebook mostly & emails. I also play some of the games on facebook.
I got this so that I could read books on it that I didn't have an actual book version of. I like it because I am able to take it with me on trips and occupy myself that way. Also, I am able to have my daughter read books on it too. The battery life is great and I have just purchased another one for my fianc.
I'm really happy with my Kindle Fire! It's easy to use and has so many featuresdon't know why I waited so long to get one :)
I am still learning how to using it. I use it for Facebook, e-mails,play games on Facebook, eventually I want to be able to use the camera which I haven' t figured out yet. Once do I will be doing a lot of picture taking!
The price of this tablet is excellent and the specifications ar very well
I had read that the tablet supported gps, for Pokmon go. You can make Pokmon go work, but this tablet does not have built in gps, it uses wifi triangulation. It is great for watching movies, YouTube, and social media apps. It's also great for reading books.
This was a girl for my husband, he loves it! Great sound & picture
Bought this for my daughter after she broke my Gen1 Nexus 7. Great little table for doing simple things, perfect for kids.
A great gift for a 65 year old aunt! She uses it everyday!
Bought this as my nephews first tablet. He loves it, and it's still in one piece! Worth my $!
Purchased several of these tablets for my nieces and nephews during Black Friday. Got them for a great price! They are great for the kids, only caveat is the storage space, 8GB, which is not much when you start downloading game apps but you can buy a MICROSD card to expand the storage. So far it's been useful for watching videos, browsing internet, and playing games. I have Amazon Prime so there are other benefits that you can access on this tablet with Prime. The only negatives I can think of are the storage space, the camera is not the best quality (but not why I bought it) and you can only use it with WiFi. So far loving it and glad I bought it.
I am very happy with the performance of the product.
I've had a Kindle for years, but with two granddaughters fighting for tablet usage, I purchased this Fire tablet for double duty-theirs and mine. I've always loved to read in bed but also love to highlight passages and mark pages--which is hard to do while lying in bed. This tablet lets me read numerous books at once, whichever one strikes my mood or connects to what's on my mind. I haven't really used it for books with the grandkids, they like to watch favorite videos or play kids games. Gotta remember to juice it up for when they show up unannounced!
Sweet awesome.....................................
Such a great purchase! It's way better than I had anticipated! Wish I would have bought one sooner
I purchase a tablet at best buy and the price was and it was it I love my tablet thank you so best buys
I liked this tablet because it's easy to use and I like Amazon products. But if you are looking for something simple that doesn't break the bank and gets the job done this product is for you.
This perfect for my mom who loves to listen to auto book's.
So far my Amazon purchases have been great and easy to use.
My daughter absolutely loves her tablet. She's able to play all of her games and read books.
Great for reading on the go. Kid friendly. Easy to use.
This is the ideal tablet for my 8 year old son ##1
love it... easy to use and efficient...appropriate for any age
This is the ideal tablet for my 11 year old girl #1
Works great as a e reader as well as a tablet. My son loves it.
Got this tablet for my grandmother for Christmas. She is not the most "tech savvy" person but absolutely loves this tablet. Very simple interface and reactive
Excellent product at a great price. Highly recommended.
Love kindles , perfect for games and books , the colors are great
It's worth the $50. The amazon App Store has a lot of potential. The UI is kinda like android but not as refined. I'm satisfied with the tablet.
I received this as a gift and loved it so much that I bought one for my husband.
Best Black Friday deal. They were available and I got two!
Great for music! Speaker quality is excellent! Can listen to Pandora and also through Amazon Prime...Haven't attempted to order from Amazon Prime yet though. It will do other things as well...we are still learning!
The Echo is the coolest thing! I love it. I even got one for my son, and he listens to music as he falls asleep at night. It's awesome. Buy one!
This was a birthday gift for my son-in-law and he loved it. Coupled with the portable battery, it provides him with both entertainment and information whereever he goes!
I love asking Alexa questions and getting the answers quickly. Music is unlimited. Always know the latest news and weather without turning on a tv.
Great speaker! I love the Amazon echo, it is a great addition to the home.
Works with all my smart devices.. and the white looks cool
Awesome system, easy to use, love it! Waiting for the next system to upgrade on my room.
Works perfectly. Is quick and fun to use. Music sounds great.
The Amazon Echo is really a great device - very easy to setup and super cool to use.
This is probably my favorite device in my home. Whether you only want this for music playing or if you want to make an awesome voice activated home automation system, do not go with any other brand. Alexa is amazing.
Excellent -- has quickly become an invaluable feature of our house. Voice recognition, even from a distance, is very good.
This is convenient and easy to operate. Love the shopping list - adding to the list without physically moving ---- and NO paper list to lose!!
The Amazon Echo is great. Good speakers, works as advertised.
I already got this echo. I am a real estate agent and I love our Alexa so decided to buy them as a housewarming gift.
The ECHO is really easy to set and use. I am surprised at the quality of sound.
I've had a lot of fun using Alexa. Have even laughed at some of the things we've done with it!
My patents loved this gift and can't get enough...
Very functional, easy set-up and great so be quality.
Really convenient, is amazing how many things you can do with Alexa. Also really responsive
I so enjoy Alexa. My favorite radio station is just a request away, as is most information. Great conversation piece!
It is really easy to program and use. I am looking forward to connecting it to some of the smart items I have In my home.
We got this back in January for our apartment and actually use it on a daily basis. Mostly for playing music but can't wait to move into a house so we can use more of the integrated home features. Sound is actually really great! Very good quality speaker.
I bought this for myself as an early Christmas present and I'm in love. The sound quality is awesome and Alexa tells the funniest yet shortest stories in history.
The Amazon Echo has become a critical appliance in our kitchen. Admittedly we bought the Echo to serve as yet another cool toy to have around...but we're finding that it's a great addition to our lives.The top used function for our family is probably the simple to use timer function, but a close second is the ability to call on any artist we want to hear with Amazon Prime Music. It's well worth a few bucks a month to get the music service and the sound quality of the device (although not audiophile worthy) is quite good.Our family is still exploring the many great tools available with Alexa...but I can say without reservation that it's a great device to have for any household.
Love the Alexa. She doesn't know as much as Google, but she is still great. I rely on her a lot. Worth every penny.
I now have two. Alexa is awesome. I use it every day.
I received this as a Mother's Day gift from my husband and love it. I was very pleased with the sound while listening to music. All of the other features are great. I would highly recommend getting this so worth it.
Glad we bought it very informative and smart can answer anything you ask
Understand me very well, Use it to turn on liights, open the gargae , etc.
Bought for my elderly parents and they love it, best ever
Alexa is Awesome ! Great buy, great gift ! Will definitely be buying more products that link to Alexa
It is fun to talk to Alexa from time to time. Once you teach her some skills, she can do a wide variety of things. We love playing music with her and making lists for groceries.
I mainly use it for streaming music but it's totally worth it.
This purchase was totally worth every penny I paid for it, which wasn't even so much.
I love it, Alexa usually know most of the answer, worth the money
Did not go shopping for this item specifically, but the salesperson saw us looking at it and gave us lots of information and we bought it. Pretty cool, we are still getting used to it and love being able to play music via voice commands.
Great product. She seems like her favorite answers right now are I'm not sure about that, but I know it has a lot of great features
If you are looking to explore what AI can offer in your daily life then Amazon Alexa is your answer.
I love Alexa, she is fun to use and easy to use. She still needs to learn more though.
I enjoy being able to ask Alexa to play music, tell me the weather or give me the latest headlines on the news all while I'm walking around my house. Totally love it
Bought this for my son(11). We all love Alexa. She will sing songs, tell jokes, get you caught up on news, play music,alarms, control lights and so much more. Really fun electronic to have.
Didn't think I would use it much, due to the my lack of use of Siri. However, this understands most things I ask and is fun for the family. It also doesn't responds to questions discreetly for things that kids could ask. example. Is Santa Real? Answer: I have never met him.
Bought it as a gift for a family member and they use it everyday. Will probably buy one for myself.
I love what it can do, and how helpful it can be. It is very easy to setup and then it just works. On top of that you can teach it more with skills. All in all this is a great little device!
Love it! Use it mostly for music, and it has a great sound. Highly recommend!
Love the product, it does everything they say and some really cool other stuff not mentioned. Awesome
Alexa is phenomenal. Intuitive and witty. A must have.
Good sounding speaker, using your voice becomes more natural as you use it. If you have prime the included music is a great deal.
My family love how easy it is to ask "Alexa" to play music and some information. My 5year old daughter love to play songs on it all day! Fun product!!
This echo is an addition to others we have in home. We are currently trying to get one out in every room. The sound quality is right there with any nose system
Alexa is fun and witty and. Very convenient,, especially when I need a timer when cooking.
I love my new echo! I have it sync with my android and echo will add items to your calendar, set alarms and even tell you a joke! It keeps getting better and better!
Great personal assistant, calender works well , and you can message friends who have an Alexa. List for grocery store works well and sports updates are great
Works great! Love how I can use this with my alarm system. We love Alexa
I had no idea how great of a purchase this would be for my family period I am the father of 4 girls and this device is used more than any other device in our home. Because of it our home is filled with more music laughter singing and dancing than ever before.
Have connected it to my "smart" home and now am able to manage lights, security and temperatures with my voice or smart phone. Mine is in kitchen and it makes a wonderful device to time cooking and baking. And it plays my music.
I bought this as a gift for my friend. I personally own 1 Alexa and 3 echo dots. This product is excellent, easy set up and easy to use. I would recommend this product over google home for one Alexa was the first to come out with this and a lot of tweeks and updates are posted in the email. I have my kitchen lights hooked up to Alexa and can use by dimming out my lights. Hope you will enjoy your Alexa as well as I did mine.
I got this echo for my mother for christmas. She likes asking it things. It has a lot to learn though. Goggle seems smarter
This is a fun gadget to play with and wow your friends. Able to find info on web about 80% of time. Great at retrieving weather info.Don't place near active TV. Ads for Alexa will trigger device.
Alexia is so convient, love music so she makes me so happy. I have not tried the other options of getting the light fixture attachments to turn on and off lights.
Alexa is amazing my whole family has a new buddy to ask questions to
Sound quality is it's best feature. Volume can go up fairly high as well.
How have people lived with Alexa so long? I have had her from the beginning. Now I'm buying her as gifts. She now has capabilities to call and message, play jeopardy , keep shopping lists, play music, every week she gets smarter, and you get and email to hear about it. Can be an interactive device with other home gadgets too ie Nest and Lifx lights. So cost efficient go buy it today. All others are imitation
Bought this with a dot and we love these. So easy to play music and set alarms and other cool things this does. Love this and highly recommend for house
I recieved my echo for Mother's Day and I figured it was just another toy for my husband to play with! I am not to high tech savvy but found the echo very easy to use!! I especially like the grocery list! I would highly recommend this product to anyone young or old
SuperA+, smart always ready to answer any question
So far so good. Compatible to my things and very responsive. Way better the. Using Siri lol (still love apple)
I got this for my birthday and love it. Sounds good for size and increasing functionality all the time.
It's great. This was a gift but my son loves it. Recommending it.
Echo is really a lot of fun. We use it constantly, to play music we like, for shopping and to do lists and to get answers to quick questions instantly. Really a worthwhile purchase!
Its a great device. Sound is amazing throughout the house .
Have so much fun with Alexa I am getting my mom one
The Amazon Echo has been an amazing and also somewhat frustrating experience. The convenience it brings with timers, turning on connected lights, playing music, and just corny jokes is amazing. I love this machine but it also does become a little frustrating when it doesn't work immediately. In the time I've had it, it has mostly worked on the first try but there are definitely days when the lights won't all turn on when asked. Sometimes it takes a long time for Alexa to respond to the commands (Could be an internet issue, but still detracts from the experience). All in all, it is an awesome device and I have enjoyed it immensely.
Music (great sound), news, sports updates, commute condition and a whole lot more! The nice thing is more available content is consistently coming out. What a versatile, fun piece of electronics!
Love this product ...good sound and easy to use !!
Just Love Alexa and all she does and can do with additional technoilogy!
We love our Echo. Music, news, and basic info! It is great!
This Amazon Echo is great and every day I discover new things that she can do.
This an amazing speaker. Absolutely great sound! The capabilities are endless. I would recommend this product to everyone. Very pleased!
My family loves our Amazon Echo and Alexa. She is used mostly for playing just about any song available, as well as weather reports, creating shopping and ToDo lists, and learning bits of trivia too.
its a great product its a must have in your household
I like buying things that work as advertised. This does.Although it does not respond as well to my wife's commands. Hmmm...
everyday this thing gets better! Great speaker quality and sound. The ever growing list of commands and functions ensure lagging interest and usability!
The Echo is truly amazing. Want the weather forecast, the time, listen to music, set a cooking timer? Alexa does it all for you. It does many things - you just have to explore on line to fully utilize the Echo. I'm sure that 10 years from now every home will have an Echo!
I ordered this for a person that has very limited use of his hands and this voice activated device has made a huge difference in his life. Had Geek squad set up with the Harmony Home Companion and now he can adjust and change the TV channels without assistance. Made a huge difference in his life.
Because the devices are very popular, they work great for tying different devices together that otherwise wouldn't be compatible. Our smartthings hub with haiku fans for example. Takes a bit to get used to talking to your house and devices, but helps when people come over and don't have the apps on their phones/devices.
This thing is awesome. It plays my music, turns on my lights and cools my home all by way of my cell phone. I couldn't ask for more.
we have enjoyed using this from the day that we purchased it. It is not only useful for everyday, but is a wonderful addition to any party setting.
My mother can not. See every well and lives alone. This has been great for her. Makes her feel a little less alone.
I've always been a fan of gadgets,and I had to have it.I had read some of the reviews that were quite favorable, but I had to find out for myself.I absolutely love it. The sound is rich and room filling. In fact, the sound in bigger than its very discreet size.
I had put off getting an echo and now, I am hooked on it. It was easy to set up and is extremely easy to use. In conjunction with a harmony remote control and hub, the echo controls the stereo, television and more. The fidelity is surprisingly good for a small unit.
Absolutely, love my newest gadget. Just ask & you will hear your favorite songs, artist, or genre, answers to silly or complicated questions, set alarms & reminders. Help puts a smile on my face every day.
Enjoying easy selection of music and exploring her sense of humor. Have had many good laughs, from interesting interactions. Talk to her daily and my wife does not mind!
I bought this for my wife as a gift and she and the rest of the family love it.
This is a great product. I already had wifi thermostats so when I bought my echo is connected very easily. Setup for the echo was quick and easy and I now have light bulbs I can control with it also. It's a great and fun product.
This was a birthday present to my wife who absolutely loves it and find new things daily Alexa can do.
Purchased 2nd one as a gift. Use it everyday. Highly recommended
I don't have a smart home, but it does so much more than that! I got mine strictly for my own entertainment! I have not been disappointed! My daughter has a smart home and I got to see what it did for her. While controlling her lights and thermostat is nice, I am happy with playing my favorite songs. It will give me the forecast as I lie in bed! It sang me happy birthday!!!! I am still finding all of the neat things it can do!!!
Love my Amazon Echo- use it everyday! Also like Echo Dot for telling me the weather everyday.
After toying with purchasing an Echo for months, we finally pulled the trigger. It was well worth it. From recipes to simplifying a shopping list to music and news, it's a perfect supplement to our connected home. Alexa is much sharper than Siri. Highly recommended!
It is nice to get information on the spot when needed.
I have found Alexa (echo) to be indispensable. I use her for my alarm clock. I play music to go to sleep at night using the sleep timer so the music shuts off by itself. And I use the weather skills several times a day. I just love this device.
easy set up , works with all of my smart home products, amazon music is good I recommend this product for all ages
This was the perfect gift for Mother's Day!! Awesome and easy to set up!
It a great personal assistant. Love how easy it is to use and connect with other devices.
I asked my husband for this for Mother's Day. He didn't think it would be worth the price but he bought it for me anyway. We both love the device. It is convenient for checking the weather, setting a timer, listening to music, etc. I plan on buying another. I love this product.
Is part of my family!!!We love my new Amazon echo. :)
We are still learning how to use the Echo device but it has lived up to all our expectations. Easy to setup and use.
Love this product as it help makes my home into a smart home with added security.
My wife asked me to get her an Echo for Mother's Day and man, am I proud I did. She loves it. She gets the weather report regularly and ask Alexa a lot of questions. Frequently I hear songs she asks Alexa to play. What a fantastic machine!
Amazon echo is a really cool device to have around the house especially if you have a smart home
I received the Dot for Christmas and loved it! So when I had the Best Buy dollars, I splurged and bought the Echo! Now I have the Dot in my bedroom and the Echo in family room for fun!
Easy to set up and user friendly. This is my second device we have added to our home.
Great Price Great product. Great sound for such a small system
Love it! I can't wait to get my entire house in SmartMode, I just love Alexa and I love listening to all the old music that she has for me to listen to you
I'm very happy with this purchase.It plays a good selection of music, sets alarms, etc.
Ordered online. Quick delivery and easy set up. Works great
Absolutely love the Echo, I purchased 3 Dots also.
I was not to knowledgeable about this product but knew I wanted to buy it. While I'm cooking a meal I just ask "Alexia, what is the current news". Then I get the the latest news for 10 minutes. Then I ask "Alexia, Pandora" and I'm singing to my favorite songs while my meal bakes. Wow, I just love the technology and still learning what I can do with Alexia.
So far I love Alexa I have orders stuff threw it.I can control my smart home from it. Set my alarms to wake me and water my lawn.Also does voice calls now.
Alexa can answer most of our questions. Great for kids who love asking questions and for grown ups as well.
Best smart gadget to have at home. Works with my smart things and Philips hue!
I love this thing!!! You can do so many things with it. Make lists that add to my phone, set timers, play my music!!
The Echo is a very good addition to our home. Very easy to use, setup was a bit of challenge to get to my WiFi, but once I understood (I am 64), what it was trying to do, it went smooth and easy. We have had a few really good laughs as we put it through some paces, but really glad we made the purchase
It works bet well and my son enjoys using it for music and questions
Love my echo and going to purchase a second one for an RV.
The Echo is a very cool device that is simple to use! Alexa is very responsive.
We love our Amazon Echo and Alexa. We are still new to it and are learning it's capabilities. But so far we absolutely live it. I'm thinking we will enjoy it even more as we take advantage of more features.
Love the Echo, great addition to the house. Will do everything you need.
This is my favorite piece of technology in my home right now. I love how it connects to my phone, plays music,look up locations, track my workout and find recipes. Plus, it constantly updates.
Love the echo... amazing devise with all what u need in 1 product.Great buy
Received this as a gift and set it up the first night. Love Love Love it!
I am very happy with my recent purchase of the Echo.It is like having a genius in a tube.
It's a great product to help make your home smarter & more convenient. Being able to set a timer while cooking or play a song without pulling out your phone. Being able to set up WiFi plugs to turn on lights in the house are also a plus.
Replacing my son's 5 year old computer. He love the apple products
I live these. Slowly replacing dots in our large rooms with echos. The sound quality is close to a nose system
Very easy to set up and use. Good sound. I use this daily for music, lists and reminders.
I purchased the amazon echo as a mother's day gift for my wife and it has quickly become a gift for the entire family. The sound quality from the speaker is above average and we can play music either from iHeart Radio or from any of our connected bluetooth devices. It quickly connects to the wifi in my house and is very portable. We haven't used alexa for many of the home automated functions (lights, electronic, ordering food online, etc) but once we purchase wifi outlets, we will most likely try the technology out. Overall, we are very happy with the product.
We now own the Echo and the dot and both are great and can't be recommended more
I am absolutely in love with my alexa echo, she is so easy to use and her voice recongination never gives me any trouble
Amazon Alexa is amazing. Does more then I imagined. Easy to install and quick to learn how to use. Alexa is used each and everyday.
It should be in every home. Very easy to use and the speakers are excellent
Love the larger speaker. Works great. use as a music source mostly.
Amazon Echo is simple to use and very easy to set up.
This item has worked well and is a great addition to our home. Very easy to get information. I also hope to align it with some smart home functionality soon.
We bought Amazon Echos for both mothers for Mother's Day. They are learning to use them but love them so far!
Lovethe product. Small compact and take it in doors or outdoors
Love this speaker it sounds great and love controlling it without having to touch it
I love Alexa. She has made my home smarter. I am able to use her skills to control my tv, thermostat and sprinkler system.
The Echo has a great speaker compared to the Amazon Dot. I would definitely recommend everyone to buy one.
It works great I love it. It plays music and answers all of your questions
Gotta love technology. What a cool device. I use it for playing music
The echo is a really fun, handy device to have around. I always start my day with "Alexa...good morning" for a fun fact about the day. My wife and I use her in conjunction with our philips hue lights and nest thermostat which makes you really feel like you have a "smart home". Asking questions and taking advantage of prime music are a few additional things we use Alexa for on a regular basis. Overall I think, as long as you purchase the echo when it's on sale, it's a worthy investment, especially if you have other connected devices, but it's not an essential device that you can't live without.
Easy to use, clear and accurate and very entertaining.
easy setup and works flawlessly but always wants you to purchase Amazon products
I have been wanting an Amazon echo for quit sometime. It is everything and more then what I hoped for. It's an incredible speaker on top of being the best source for all information. The kids even enjoy Alexa playing games and singing songs. It keeps my life more organized and more entertaining. Best money I have ever spent on my love of gadgets.
I use the echo every day. I play Jeopardy with my kids. It is very easy to set up and use. My favorite skill is the list maker. I just tell it what I need and it populates the list on my phone. I have lamps connected to the echo, and I can just tell Alexa to turn it on and off. I have used it more than once to find my phone! And the selection of music is incredible, and great sound.
The Amazon Echo was recommended by our IT department at work and is easy to use. Alexa is smart and usually right. Highly recommended.
Alexa is so much fun. No more searching for my favorite song. None stop entertaining. Great for a party.
Simple to use. Easy to sit up. And a lot of fun for entertaining guests and kids.
Love this gadget. Great product. Easy to set up. Sound is incredible.
Amazon echo is an amazing device, and turns my house into a smart home as I use my voice for various commands like switching on lights, controlling window blinds, just to name a few. Buying this device is a no brainer!
Great product very easy to use . Very pleased. Would purchase again and again . New personal friend
Bought as a gift for in-laws, had some issues setting up as their router was through AT&T. No fault of Alexa, but took a while to fix. Good quality speaker and fun to ask Alexa questions.
Bought this with the intent for using it mostly for music, and now we use it to get news updates, weather, and the occasional joke. Kids love playing with it too, so it is nice to have the mute button.
We treat echo as our own family member. Echo gets intelligent as we keep on talking to her. Sometimes we move her in the house to be with us. I was sceptical at first to buy one. Now I realize echo is imperative.
This is a really great item for a really great price.
Works like other echo but provides a different look to match decor. It was great that Best Buy actually had this in stock when other stores didn't
I love this thing. So many things you can do. Fun!!!!
Got Alexa for Christmas and love it. Great fun to ask questions but also good for music, listening to books and ordering from amazon. Have not set it up to control anything in the house but am investigating it! Great buy and definitely reccommend!
Bought just for fun during a special sale and we love it! Bought the Echo Dot too. Easy to set up and use. Love it for bedtime to get music or sounds to fall asleep. Timer is great and alarm feature is very helpful as a back up to my phone.
This is an item that I bought as a gift. My daughter loves it as well as her entire family.
Alexa is a blast and a lot of fun. Voice recognition works well and the microphone picks up speech at quite a distance. I also purchased a dot. Boy have decent sound quality.
Gave as a gift and has been truly enjoyed by their whole family.
Love my Echo. Set up was simple and the range of music and information available is fantastic. I would highly recommend this product.
Surprised my son-in-law with the Echo. Such a great gift for everyone who loves gadgets and technology.
The echo is a great and works well with other web based programs such as nest, and with the Phillips lighting systems. Plus it's fun to play games on!
My family received this Echo at Christmas, and it is used almost daily. Listening to music, adding to shopping lists, asking trivia, etc. we loved it so much, this now lives downstairs, and we have an Echo Dot in each bedroom.
Love this device, enjoying everyday its in my home. I actually purchased another one.
Good sound. family has fun playing games, listening to music and got an opportunity to use amazon at a great price!
I mainly use for listening to music and it works great to have between the kitchen and living room. I was already an Amazon Prime member so set up was extremely easy. Family likes to ask Alexa silly questions...it's a little entertaining.
My husband and I LOVE our Echo! Every morning, we listen to music, check the weather, and ask for our news update! I have found our Echo most helpful in the kitchen. It is nice being able to set a kitchen timer or change a song without having to touch a screen/timer. This is a MUST buy for any household. We are looking into turning our home into a "smart home". I can't to see how it works with Smart Things.
We bought the speaker to put in our kitchen and to link with our Smarthome items. The sound is good when listening to music, sometimes it has difficulty understanding your commands though
I purchased these to give to customer who hit a specific goal, and the competition was fierce - so fierce, in fact, that I decided to award TWO of them to the top two customers who both achieved the goal.
I bought this as a gift for my mother and she loved it.
I love my Alexa product! I ask it to play many genres of music and never cease to be amazed at the selection it plays. I also have it connected to lamps in my house and can ask it to turn them on and off.
This is very easy to install and use. It has a lot more capabilities than we were aware of. New features are added each day in the market
We love this product. It can do so many things and the sound quality from it is quite good.
The Echo has great sound and responds well to voice commands. I have not tried out all of the features yet, but so far I like it.
I bought the product as a gift for a family member who was able to set uo and start using the product with minimal or no instructions. This is so important for those who might be less computer savvy!
This makes for a great house warming present for anyone who loves tech! Definitely want to buy one for myself.
Was able to hook it up in minutes. Emailed Amazon with a question and received an answer back within a day.
The Echo is amazing in how seemlessly fits into any household, doing those little things that you wondered how you went without before purchasing. Everything from easy list making to playing songs for the dog when not at home.
I love Alexa. She keeps a shopping list for me, schedules appointments plus plays my favorite tunes! And so easy to work with. A must in every home.
Makes accessibility to lighting and music very easy. Enjoying learning all the Alexa can do.
Great sound from a small speaker. Responds well to verbal commands
This was very easy to set up & use. The speaker has great sound.
Auto Updates at all times keeps you current with weather news sports and a great alarm clock with 360 sound
Love the Echo great for all kinds of activities. I mostly use mine for the news and turning on the lights.
all around great speaker would definitly recommend
I love the Echo. Despite the fact it makes me lazy :). It's a great home tool .
Having so much fun asking Alexa all kinds of questions. She is so smart!
This is a great product from concept to execution and constantly expanding functionality and capability!Also, very unexpected sound quality from this little tube! IMPRESSIVE!
She's fantastic! Love that we can get the weather, play music and play jeopardy!
My family love it and y husband is crazy with this
We love  it!! I just need some help and tips on how to work it!!
This device does it all! Connect it to everything and even the kids have fun with it.
fun to play with ask questions get weather traffic reports or listen to music
Works well, except during internet outages. The ability to perform hands-free tasks in the kitchen is priceless.
I have several smart devices and light bulbs. I love using my Amazon Echo to control different devices.
We received one as a gift for Christmas love it so much we bought one for our parents.
great speaker and very useful around the house. take advantage
It takes time to set it up and learn what it can and can't do, it it's fun to use.
Easy to setup and fills the room with sound. Easy to move to another room if needed.
Everything you could ever need at the sound of your voice. So easy to set up.
Utilizing Alexa has been a great way to connect and control the devices in my home! Alexa was simple to set up and is easy to use.
Alexa is great addition to our kitchen. Still exploring all she can do. Easy set up through android.
Easy to install and easy to use. I bought the white one, matches my floor, so it looks perfect. I love the sound quality and the many things Alexa can help you out all day. Weather, music, read books, the news, etc... I like to multi task and not having to stop something I'm doing to play a new song or find out what's the time in Barcelona is super helpful. I just use my voice to ask Alexa. Simple as that. I'm handling my cell phone much less and I love that.
Our echo has become indispensable in our house. Besides all of the questions we normally ask Alexa we also use it to turn on and off our lights through the Wink hub and stream music from Spotify. We love it!
Very nice item to have. Keeps me updated on a number of things. Also gives me a daily reminder when to take my medication. Keeps track of my appointments. Very good for general knowledge questions.
Love it, even my grandbabies love the echo they always asking her questions
Have 2 Echo's and 1 Dot located in out two homes. Love all of them...very versatile and provide needed information and entertainment when and as needed. Very useful and cost effective.
Alexa does what she says, I have the Echo and dot, both are great. I like the echo because of the speaker to listen to music. I also appreciate the ability to check my calendar, set alarms, check weather etc.
Echo is great for playing music. You can stream most songs with a Prime membership. I want to set up lists and calendar and even control lights, etc. I just need some time to figure out how I would actually use those features.
Great sound quality, and with Amazon Prime, great selection. Of music.
Alexa is fun, a bit biased to amazon product. Example: when I scream at her to play a song she will play it from amazon music and not my Spotify unless I instruct her to. Which isn't terrible, but just a heads up. She is way quicker than your phone for finding answers to things, but the algorithm to get exactly what you're looking for is still being worked on. So don't expect her to always find the right answer. She's still a great product and fun.
The Echo was an excellent addition to our home. We like asking Alexa things and playing music
Excellent product & amazing things it does. Nice clarity & functionality
Since buying this, we listen to music on it, get information from it. We love it - it has a great sound to it. We would definitely recommend it.
The echo is an awesome addition to our home we listen to music often and love that it can control our satellite
We love our echo, not sure we use all the features yet but the shopping list feature is great as is all the different music we can now listen to!
Alexa is the easy winner in every regard compared to Google Home. Echo can operate as a Bluetooth speaker, Home requires you stream their apps. Apple Music on Home, no sir. Audible on Home, also no.
My wife gave this to me for Christmas. She try's to find some tech that I have never heard about. I'm not sure what happened or how I missed this coming out. This is by far my favorite gift in over 20 years of marriage. I was completely unaware of the Amazon Echo. I'm so glad she bought it for me. It's amazing all the things works with it. Thank you sweetheart for buying this for me!!
The echo makes life easier and fun. Great speaker!
This is a fun thing and very useful. We are still getting used to it. Love asking it to tell me what weather forecast is, news, Who won baseball game last night, etc. Great for music. Just say "Alexa, play some Italian Dinner music or whatever".
Amazon Echo is an amazing product. Great sound!!!!
In this case - the answer is yes. Amazon beat google by a long shot. The google product doesn't match up. Amazon has done a great job integrating with other home security products as well as the hue, nest etc... On top of that the voice recognition is second to none. If you're an amazon account holder you can order with it, if you're a prime member you can access it's music (you can anyway, just get more with prime). Also plays well with other apps like Pandora. It's great... beats google hands down.
I have to confess, I am sure this thing is being underutilized. It is great for weather, Flash Briefings, and other pieces of information. IFTTT? Raspberry Pi? People tell me things they can do and I'm like, "Hey, I'm getting Philips Hue to work. That's about as advanced as I'm going right now." Nevertheless, I do enjoy being able to call up my music from Amazon Prime Music, order pizza, and switch between my account and my wife's. Seriously enjoying it.
I love my echo. Just getting use to the many applications it can be use for.
Good speaker, great interface with amazon. I use it to turn off and on lights, play music, talk from room to room, it's handy.
All my friends and some family members have and I wantedto join in on the fun of Alexa! The speaker sounds great when playing music. Have linked my lights as well. Lovin my gal Alexa!
Pleased with Alexa. Finding information easily accessible and fun to gather. Would highly recommend.
Bought this as a gift for hubby on his birthday. It is so easy to use. Hours of enjoyment
Alexa and I are best friends. She plays music, tells jokes, reminds of my shopping list, and on and on..... She's great!
I have always enjoyed my amazon music. Now when I walk in the house from work I set the tone and Alexa plays what I ask. I am still learning all the tricks and I enjoy the emails I get on how to get the most out of her..love her!
The echo is a great product to play hard to find music and keep you updated on weather, current events, and trivia information.
So awesome and cool, the future is here!! I can't wait to have her run mu house lights!
I gave this amazon echo as a gift for my mother for mother's day. She liked it a lot and use it primarily for music. I set it up for her and having spotify she can ask Alexa a song that she knows from way back her younger years. I have one as well and it's all connected for a smart home and works good with smartthings hub and philips hue.
Perfect for my home and all other connected products.Lots of integration.Bought this after returning GoogleHome, and am very happy with it.
Amazing product! Works very well with Spotify and is very knowledgeable about everything. 5 stars
The shopping list is a great feature but it could use some improvement like adding multiple lists. Music sounds good on it. The kid and her friends love playing with it.
I love the Echo Alexa is great the features make life easier especially with all the compalibility options there are
Wasn't too sure if I wanted to buy the echo or the dot but after using this product I'm very happy that I went with the echo. I find myself using it all the time.
My daughter loves it and IRS a good and easy size to travel with too
So happy I decided to purchase the Echo! It's really easy to use & the sound is great!
Alexa is always there when I need her. Plays music, tells jokes, knows how to multiply, add, subtract, keeps a shopping list and a myriad of other things. Really fun!
I wasn't sure about Alexa echo but it was so worth it! We love it and use it all the time.
The Alexa is awesome! It's nice to be able to tell her what I need at the store and it goes to my app on my phone.
This is a great tool. We use as alarm and Bluetooth all the time.
This one I got for a relative who enjoyed ours. We love listening to music, asking it questions and getting the weather. I know there are more features but these alone makes it a winner.
Very cool product.Did have a little difficulties setting up but worth it.Still learning all it has to offer.
I love my Echo! it is easy to use and I also use it to turn on the lights in my house. I works great!
Great for the price and easy to install and use. Learn new stuff everyday
I bought this for my daughter as a birthday gift and she fell in love with it. She loves the feature to buy from Amazon without lifting a finger.
Sound production is outstanding!! Very easy to set up and use!
Pretty good sound for a mono speaker. Hears us clearly from many feet away. Use it to stream music from Pandora. Actually love this thing. We linked a really good blue tooth speaker to it and the sound is great. Be aware that you can only link one other blue tooth device to the Echo.
We use our Echo daily from researching items to playing our favorite music. It has become very handy in our household.
Bought as gift for mom and she loves it and uses all the time! It was simple to set up also.
Highly recommend. Easy to set up and Alexa is so much fun to use. Love her daily jokes and love to ask her to play any music. We bought a second one so that we don't have to keep moving her throughout the house.
Bought this for someone over 70 who likes to learn new things. Works great and keeps them on their toes for sure. It is fun and helpful, everyone ended up loving it.
Works very well with Hue lights and as a music source.
I received the echo dot for Christmas and I love it! So when my nephew put the echo on his list of gifts for graduation I knew I had to get it for him. He loves it so much it makes me want to get one.
Superb sound quality with deep bass and loudness, excellent voice recognition with noise cancelling. Lot of Alexa apps with integration with Logitech remote, Philips Hue home automation devices.
My wife and I couldn't be happier with our Amazon Echo! With our home wifi it was so easy to setup ! Alexa what did we ever do without you ! Look if your looking at reviews then you've done some research and know what the Echo is all about and all it can do ! Don't hesitate buy it now !
I love, love, love my Amazon Echo it is the perfect companion for my smart home.
very easy set up and no issues with it starting to work. going to get proper light switches so it can turn my lights on and off
I love my Echo so much fun. the set up was so easy .
I bought this Echo for my (senior citizen) father. Once set up, it is "no tech" entertainment and fun. He can ask to play music, ask for the time, weather, news, and even send me messages.It completely amuses him
I was skeptical at first but really enjoy all the features
I am late into the electronic age and this is simple enough and is great to use. I ask for certain music and it is played!!
We have so much fun with the speaker. Can ask her anything
Amazing product and very useful I love it !! I recommend
I was looking for a bedroom speaker and came across the Amazon Echo on sale. it fits my lifestyle and a great way to get my just bit smarter.
It is amazing! Most wonder product ever bought! Would recommend it
Actually decided to buy this after I heard the price that Apple was going to charge fir theirs. Glad I did. This us a great product, easy to set up and sounds awesome.
It's amazing product. I love it. Amazon always provide amazing product and good price.
I use this for listening to music, controlling my home, and setting the best alarms. Even my friends are amazed with my set-up.
We have enjoyed Alexa tremendously. We have the echo set up to turn our lights on and off, we use it as a timer and play pandora through it daily.
I love it. Alexa she does everything I need it plays music
I am so glad that I bought the Amazon Echo I love it
Simple to set up. My husband isn't tech-savvy, and this was easy for him to set up.
Fun to use and learning more applications by the day. great product!
I love the eco it has been on of the best things I have purchased in a long time.
We had another smart home hub that wasn't the echo and it broke down twice. So far the Amazon echo can do more and doesn't glitch out. It's so worth the extra $$
I love that I can talk to it and get an answerI have recommended to my sister. now we can send a message to each
Very useful and fun to use.I bought 2 for the beach house
I love product and features keep updating.I love the updates of things Alexa can do.
Setting up the Echo was very easy. That is good since I am not very tech savy. Love it.
This baby breaks the ice and sets the mood for a date when you eventually bring her to your place. They can't get enough of Alexa. The music you can get her to play makes your company feel relaxed. Alexa is 10 thumbs up with me.
Great item. The sound is good. The microphone is very sensitive. Alexa is good and hopefully will get smarter with more added features.
The amazon echo comes in very handy around the house for myself and the grand kids its and excellent device to have around for questions alarms music also weather
I love the new Eco. It is especially fun to listen to all the great music.
This pairs really well with my Logitech Harmony Elite remote. It's great being able to play music without ever having to touch a device. The feature we use the most is setting timers and playing white noise for night time.
Works great we use it everyday and love to ask questions
Very nice works just like I thought it would.works great.
The Echo is amazing and very quick with every question you throw at her.
It was easy to set up the echo. Works great, still learning what Alexa can do, My wife love it.
My wife and kids love that Alexa can help with spelling and a multitude of questions. Links to music and we really enjoy the drop in feature.
This device is an integral part of having a smart home.
I love the hands free feature of the Amazon Echo. The speakers are great and the music sounds great on it. My main reason for getting It was to listen to music but it does so much more!
This was a very good purchase. It is really easy to use.
... in confined spaces. The kids room does work fine
The Amazon Echo is wonderful It has great tone. It can do so many things. It can be a timer, a sleep timer, play music, games, give information and is compatible with smart devices for the house such as lights etc. This is the third "Echo" product we have. We have 2 Echo Dots that we also like. I highly recommend this product and also for smaller spaces the Echo Dot.
Kids love it and the drop-in feature is great. Easy to set up.
The family uses Alexa on a daily basis. She plays music, reminds us of tasks and even helps with cooking recipes. All around great product!
I love all the things Alexa can do. It is very useful. I put events on my calendar, listen to music, have Alexa wake me up, she can tell corny jokes and answer many questions and do so much more.
Oh my goodness! I cannot imagine what I did BEFORE I had my Alexa Echo (and I now own 3 Dots around the house). I am always asking questions, setting alarms and timers and playing great music! Works perfectly for me and she understands almost everything say but I have a very distinct, clear voice and of course, it's all in how you word what you are asking for. LOVE IT!
Bought for my office and I'm very well pleased! Very simple setup. Easily connects with my cell phone. Voice commands have worked wonderfully!
Works as advertisedSound from a small unit is very good
Love love love this thing. I listen to all my jams in the morning while checking in the the forecast so I always if a sweater is needed. Lol
Love this. Best purchase I have bought. Was very skeptical at first. But I use this for everything.
Out of the box, was easy to setup and configure. Very user friendly and integrates in my home nicely
Excellent Partner. My daily assistance on all aspects of living.
I love the Echo. Good speakers, great reminder and note taker. While listening to the radio while cooking dinner I also use it for a timer. It sits on my counter, taking up very little room. Love it!
Awesome product.. it looks great better than the picture.. It does what say and more.. very happy with the purchase
This product is amazing. It is so helpful and they update it with new skills all the time. I think it is one of my favorite tech products I have ever used.
this device is awesome, I use it everyday, ask it anything
Truly changed the way that we live in our home. Ease of turning off lights. Getting answers to questions when Mom is too busy and listening to our favorite tunes. Not to mention the calling feature where you can call to another alexa that is at a friends or family members home etc.
Fathers day present. Really enjoy Alexa. Works great and comes in handy by the kitchen.
We all love it. Everyone in the family uses it. I had my command changed to respond when I say "COMPUTER". Good fun. I am able to access my saved music from my computer or subscribe and listen to music on Amazon Prime.
This is a great product and I love listening to music on it. The sound is very good and when I want to listen to just one person I can. It plays that artist continually.
The Echo is the current standard in the marketplace, and with good reason. It is easy to set up and use and compatible with an ever-expanding list of products.
I really love this item I would definitely recommend this to a friend
This thing is great she has a response for everything. I love it, music, quotes, jokes, time and weatger, a real one stop shop.
My favorite new product that can do anything!! I love my Alexa as an alarm clock.
It's simple to instal and use. I cannot believe how they can develop those kind of things.
We absolutely love our amazon echo. We use it a lot for music
I am amazed how much fun and help this is. Even great as a timer.
Speaker has good sound for small space. The voice command is in point
This has been a great addition to our techno family. Great sound quality for music as well as a great resource for information.
Really enjoy the variety of music and getting answers to all types of questions. A fun device!
I love this product really great out the box easy to use
I love this device. I love learning all the stuff it can do and I look forward learning what Amazon is going to do to improve it in the future.
We love the Amazon Echo. I look forward to using it for shopping list.
Works better than expedited, speaker is amazing for its size
Alexa is a wonderful addition to the technology in the home. "Ask Alexa and you shall receive an answer. From weather to sports scores, you will get the scoop.
Once connected to your phone this is an easy to use and amazing speaker sound quality is awesome and it answers any questions you might have love Alexa even gives me fun ideas when I'm bored
Bought this as a Fathers Day gift for myself using the gift cards my family gave me and love it.
After thoroughly researching I decided to give it a go and buy it. After some trouble with initial setup, it works great! I have 2 young boys and they have really had fun asking Alexa questions. I have linked to a smart outlet which is really nice for turning a lamp off and on. Overall I have really enjoyed, to the point I just got one of the Dots for another room in our house.
I got this after a buddy of mine asked for my help to set his up. I was impressed by it's voice recognition and speed indexing. My 4 and 7 year old run up to it and play all their favorite songs everytime they come to my office. Fantastic device, very well thought.
When I first grabbed an echo I thought it would be kinda gimmicky, but I loved it so much I bought two more echos and several dots. I have Alexa all over the house. The smart home integration is so wonderful. I feel like I am living in Star Trek when Alexa turns my lights on and off and does other tasks.
Love the Echo. So convenient and fun. Get answers to lots of questions, listen to music, books, sleeping sounds, etc. Purchased one for BR and LR since they are so far apart and love the quality of the speakers. Even purchased a dot for kitchen for cooking tips, recipes, and timers plus more.
Like talking to a human! Can find an answer for most subjects as long as the internet is available. Fairly accurate also.
Works awesome. Was hesitant at first not sure how it works but after playing around with it for a while you figure out all the cool things it can do.
I don't have the other products to go with this so we use it for a room stereo. Produces nice sound and you control using voice commands.
Really easy to use. Convient to have around for everyday things
Not indispensable, but handy. Set alarms, timers, make shopping lists. Could easily expand applications with extra hardware
I bought this as a Father's Day gift for my brother. He just connected it and thought it was an awesome gift!
I love Alexa. She pretty much runs the whole household. Talk about smart? My favorite part is she can control the thermostat. If you're thinking of getting one she'll be waiting at Best Buy!
The echo was easy to set up and interface with all my smart lights and outlets. It's quicker to get the weather through the echo than it is to go on line for it. It does an amazing job in understanding what I am asking for and finding the answer.
Echo is wonderful and super smart. Love you can interrupt a skill and she will return to it when finished with what you asked her.
Got this for the wife and she loves it, easy to switch users also!
Set up was a breeze- we are constantly enjoying the music with great speaker quality- lots of apps to use
I love it! I gave it as a gift to my grandchildren, and they love it! We communicate through messages.
This thing is awesome!! Brings a lot of fun to the family!
Purchased after reviewing online, and it has lived up to all expectations.
We haven't opened ours up yet, but a friend of mine has one and that's the reason we bought it. It's so much fun and easy to use.
I love having Alexa. We have 3 echo and one dot. Love that I turn off my lights.
Love my new Alexa. Sooo easy to use and so many apps to program for her. The best purchase I've made in a very long time!
Gave this gift to my girlfriends dad for Christmas and he absolutely loved it.
Set up was easy and I use it everyday. I check the weather, sport scores and play games with it.
Not only does what Siri does, but it takes it one step further by completing tasks that you ask it to do, like ordering pizza or ubers, which I do plenty of. With extra devices hooked to lights in your home, for example, you can ask Echo to turn your lights on, dim them, etc., before entering the home. This can be a real safety feature.
Everyone needs one of these. Easy to use and fun to have
I'm in my 50s and sat this up easily. I mainly use it to play music and news reports on a whim.
Everyone I have given this to has said they cannot live without it. I second their opinion and have gotten a second one for the kitchen. Highly recommend as it is both useful and a lot of fun.
Alexa is fabulous. Just ask her anything and she will answer right away. She can order a pizza, turn on your lights and order an uber. Better than a secretary.
For its size the speaker can still fill a pretty good sized room. We are really impressed with the sound quality. It's really cool how it can answer questions and shop for you. I also have it integrated with my Control4 system.
The Echo is a great little portable speaker with many uses.
The Echo is incredible. It gives you instant responses to questions thatYou ask. It is easy to pair with your phone and Internet. It has many unique features such as pairing with your lights and thermostat in your house if you purchase those specific pairing devices.
It was a fun gift for the family. Alexa does many things and is easy to work. The sound quality of the speaker is great. Overall a great purchase.
I have had the Echo since Thanksgiving. I love asking "Alexa" questions like movie showtimes close by, or current sports scores. I also enjoy playing a round of Jeopardy once in a while. It makes it easy to listen to the radio and to play just about any song I want, even if I am not sure of the lyrics. It is one of those conveniences that you wonder how you did without it.
I absolutely love the Amazon Echo. It was by far one of my best purchases. It can sync with nearly everything, and on top of it you don't need to get off the couch or out of bed to use it. It recognizes your voice and answers right away, without delay. I would recommend this for anyone!
This space is getting more crowded all the time, but Amazon was first out of the gate and also gives it the most attention. Echo has gotten smarter and better almost every week and I'm excited to see what comes next. Sound quality out of this unit is also amazing. No need for extra speakers like with the dot. This is an all-in-one unit. Add spotify or a free iheartradio account, and if you have Amazon Prime you'll be amazed at how many songs this little device can play. I use it every day to control lights, set timers, alarms, and more. Echo has become a device that I now can't live without, which I initially thought was just a toy. It's now my favorite kitchen appliance!
Excellent sound quality. Sleek and fun. Looking forward to using.
The best "personal home assistant" out there. Also the first, so it has a head start on Google's offering.
This is a great addition to all smart home devices.
Love these units. Have alexa on multiple floors now and just added 2 dots as well. Can't complain. Sometimes doesn't understand what I am saying but very good a majority of the time.
Its like a personal assistant. Alexa saves time, I don't need to go my phone or laptop. I just ask! Its amazing! Love it!
This was really easy to set up and it works perfectly the speaker sounds great for its size I wish it had some bass
Family had more fun with this over the holidays. Between it telling jokes and playing music on demand it made for a great time
My kids love that they can ask her any question and she answers it.
I love my amazon echo.. Dont know how i was able to live without it!! Cabt reccomend enough!
Have had it for a couple of weeks and really enjoy being able to call up music and have it play without having to go through my phone.
First, this is a great product. Seriously there is no reason not to own one of these. If you have an Amazon Prime account it is almost a must have. Setup is simple and once you add some of the skills to Alexa it's a whole lot of fun. We have a Wemo light switch that it controls, now that setup was a bit more challenging but nothing you can't get through. Plays any radio station, must genre, tells you the weather, helps with timers in the kitchen and the shopping list function is a huge help. Let's talk about the shopping list a little. You just tell Alexa what you want to add to your list and it will all appear in list form on your mobile device in the Alexa app as a check-off list. I'll give you one downside. Alexa seems to think the CNN news reporters are talking to her as they wake her up a lot.
I love the Echo! Great sound quality. So easy to use. Just amazing technology!
Really cool and useful. Kids love it also. Sound quality is good enough considering size and other capabilities.
It's great to have a, "know it all" in the house now. I've been trying to stump her all day but she keeps giving me answers.
Alexa (Echo) is amazing. I chose the tower because of the better speaker. So glad I did. Liked it so much I bought one for my son.
This was a Christmas gift for my son. He has been wanting one for a while and this was some of the best pricing I've seen
An amazing piece of equipments! Does many entertaining things.
Alexa can answer most questions, play music from your library, and even order items you have run out of. This "toy" is a lot of fun! I recommend it - I haven't had it very long but so far so good - thumbs up for Alexa!
Very easy to set up. Sound is really good. The microphone works well and Alexa is responsive. Great Assistant.
This is great! Wish I had more instructions on what she can do
The Amazon Echo worked so well I purchased 3 Dots. Very good speech recognition and text to voice. The more I learn the more I like it.
I love the Echo. Would recommend this to everyone. It is very fun and knowledgeable
Works great in my kitchen, so helpful with tasks..
Amazon - Echo - White is a powerful and versatile product. BestBuy had the best price available for this product, at the time of my purchase.
Amazon - Echo - Black is a powerful and versatile product. BestBuy had the best price available for this product, at the time of my purchase.
The Echo is Portable with the Purchase of the Optional Echo Battery Base It is High quality Sound and Has to many options to list needs Hue Hub adapter to use Hue Light Bulbs but can control unto 50 at a time . Has good answers for everything Highly Recommended But best if you have an Amazon Account you can listen to Audio Books etc you have purchased . So much fun .
My family loves the echo! They love to be able to request songs and dance their hearts away
Works for what my mom wanted it for. Some of the questions we ask Alexa she doesn't know, but I guess they will work on getting updated information.
She's always there to answer a question, and the integration with other home automation systems is great. We just tell the house what to do and she does it :)
Better than I thought easy to set up small enough where it dosent take up much room and sound is good
Echo is more polished and ahead of the curve. It integrates well with my smart lights and plays music through Spotify. Needs integration with my Fire Stick, but Harmony Hub is a great solution for this for now.
Added to smart home system and works great. System itself is also great to learn new things.
We loved it so much that my husband surprised me with the Echo for Christmas, but I also surprised him with one. It is so much more than just music. You can ask Alexa anything from jokes to weather to music to technical questions. It is a great addition to our home. Looking forward to discovering all that it is capable of.
Great product! I have since order 2 Dots. Lots of fun and also informative.
This was a birthday present and although a friend had talked to me about getting one I had no idea how great it would be to have one. It is easy to set up and we find ourselves asking Alexa questions that we would normally spend the extra time looking up online.
Alexa runs my whole house love it does what I want her to do the best and best buy is number 1 to me
Love my Alexa so much. Best Gadget ever. Very accurate. Can't get enough of Alexa. Love it so much I got the dot as well.
It is an outstanding product to use for automated home system and hands free music playing from smart device
Requires a bit more learning curve but once it gets use to you it is a lot of fun. Easy set up.
Great speaker and Alexa is so awesome. Great price
I needed something new for my bathroom, love to sing in the morning. Love to listen to the radio getting dressed, hear the morning news and traffic. Great for winding down in the evenin with some jazz in a bubble bath.
Alexa doesn't always have the answer to a question I ask but she is a lot of fun to play with. She can be utilized for so many purposes from a timer to playing a specific song. Great fun for all ages!
I love this ..the sound is so good i like it better than the small one and Alexa can hear me even im far. It was an amazing product and i got good deal of course fr Best Buy!
I bought this for my parents for Christmas. They loved it. It's funny to see your 60-something parents playing with such new technology. From my daughter who is four years old to my parents that are in their sixties good for everyone
The voice control is great. Took some time to get used to installing skills and specific phrases.
This product is awesome. The echo plays songs and answer questions. I can't wait to add the thermostat and light control modules.
The Echo is a fun gadget. It would be nice if you could give it any name you want but other than that it is a lot of fun.
We love our Amazon Alexa!! We ask her the weather and play music everyday.
A Must Have!! Super helpful and convenient. Big time saver and all around fun!!
Very very beautiful design...and very good sound..great quality.........like it..!
This is the best gift anyone could receive, talks to you, wakes you up, sings you to sleep, turns lights off. I love this thing!
This is the second Echo I have purchased and I love them. They are a lot of fun and have great sound on top of that. I would definitely recommend.
Easy to set up and lots of great functions. Can play music, summary of the news, link in for the smart home
Fun to use! Must download apps to be able to respond properly to request. Example, translation and music. I love that you can listen to music and news.
Easy to set up. Lots of great apps to pick from to expand its usefulness. Great selection of music.
This is a great device, with good sound quality. Alexa's voice recognition is very accurate. The biggest problem in my house is fighting over who will talk to her!
Alexa is now a great friend. Coupled with prime music it provides constant entertainment.
I have one Alexa to my daughter and one to my son. Both of their families love it. It's like having an auditory Google always at your fingertips. It connects to their Fitbit and my Amazon Fire. It makes us now want to turn our house into a Smart Home so we can get it to turn off and on lights and do all of the other fun things it can do. And it tells knock-knock jokes that have my kids howling with laughter.
It has some learning to do but its great to have it play my amazon music anywhere.
I bought this and the dot when shopping after Christmas. A spur of the moment decision. It is so much fun. And every day there is something new! We love it.
I love the echo use it everyday and would recommend it to anyone that enjoy fun toys great speaker also
This an amazing device. Must have for prime members
Bought this for my hubby. Loves it- great for music, recipes, etc.
Bought this as a family Christmas present but was concerned that we would not really use it. Boy was I wrong. I request music on it all the time, check the weather, confirm my calendar and the kids are constantly asking it questions. Well worth the money!
Alexa is very fun and entertaining. We use her for our shopping lists, hearing the weather forecasts and listening to our favorite music!
Easy to set up. Has great sound. Nice to talk too.
Awesome product. All voices in the house recognized. To do and shopping lists work great. Music playing is great
This was given to me as a gift and I have enjoyed it. I love the different skills you can add to it. Now my kids need the arch Dot because they try to take the Echo away from me. I brought my mom one and my uncle brought my aunt one and the love it as well.
Helpful and entertaining. The more I use, the more it adapts to my needs
I bought this for our family Christmas gift and we are having fun asking Alexa questions..I think we are ready for a couple of dots.
Easy, great tone, and amazing!I gave it as a gift and they had no problem setting it up with Amazon. Listen to music immediately and it obeyed commands . Great !
Great device for the family. Can play music from various sources. The voice recognition system is great.. You can control smart devices on your network with the echo..
Useful and fun tool for helping with household maintenance
I played Pandora music station on my Echo with Kevin Spacey singing along with other great artist.
Best Buy always has the lowest competitive pricing and great availability
Finding new uses everyday. It's connected to my Nest thermostat, Harmony remote and Hue lights (yup, I'm a geek). Alexa even entertains my macaw with blues while I'm at work.
My first peice of smart home eqiptment. Love it!!!
Place Amazon orders.. use reminders, timers, music.. love it!
Great value for a great virtual assistant. A good start for initiating a smart home.
Christmas present for husband,we both love the echo can't wait to download apps
Very satisfied with this item! Very user friendly.. even the kids use it frequently!
Bought as a gift for my mother in law for Christmas, and was happy to hear that her husband got Alexa to play "Revelry" at volume 10 to wake her up in the morning. Easy to use and great sound quality for listening to music. Helpful with definitions and spelling of words.
The echo has been fun for the whole family. It plays music and interacts with everyone and the outcome is very entertaining
Works great sounds great! Bought this for a gift and was more than impressed. Stereo system is really good .,follows Alexa commands or
We ABSOLUTLY love the echo. The sound quality is great and it hears me when I'm coming up the stairs. I would recommend this to anyone that wants to listen to music, control lights, our order from Amazon
Bought 2 of these for my adult children and they love it.
Great product! Easy integration with Samsung Smartthings hub and music apps such as Spotify. It also delivers great sound with the size of the speaker.
I love my Amazon Echo, don't know why I didn't get it sooner.
It's amazing what it can do for the family. A lot of fun
It's a lot of fun to use with everyone in the family
I purchased the Ecco as an addition to my home automation. Works great. The wife and kids love it.
I am very happy getting this as a gift. I have had a blast getting acquainted with Alexa!!!
One of the best items I have ever purchased.. The fun never ends with the amazon echo
I bought this for my mom for Christmas. It was easy to set up, has a great sound, and works great.
Love the Amazon Echo, a great addition to the family
My family loves it. How we can just ask a question and it responds and does certain things for us
easy to set up, still getting the hang of all the features and really enjoying this - far more than I even imagined. If you're into sports and are looking for schedules, scores, etc. this is great!
This is the best device of the season.This is Siri on steroids Alexia does a lot.Apple could take a lesson from Amazon on this, but Apple will just steal the idea and call it innovating.
This product is really helpful and excellent for daily use. Kids love this product also it helps lot for home automation, entertainment. It uses Bing search engine, I wish it could have google search engine. But overall satisfied with this product.
I love the Amazon Echo. It's able to do so many things. I have started a smart home and it can control switches, lights, thermostat and much more. The speaker on the Echo is great. She can answer your questions, set alarms and kitchen timers, dim lights and play your favorite music.
I love my echo. I use it all the time from timer to music. Games are fun grandkids love it also. Great for helping keeping the brain working with some of the games water sound help me fall asleep faster. I got the dot to use in the bed room for water sounds alarm and music. Learn something new all the time with my echo.
highly recommend. we have both the google device and this one. both sre great. Alexa is mire versatile. Kids love it too.
Our Echo has been a fun purchase for us. We've enjoyed hearing the jokes and just being goofy with it.
Very easy to set up and use. Has good sound when playing music. I'm going to buy another one.
We love our Echo! We use it to control our Hue Smart Bulbs in several rooms, listen to loads of music, get the weather forecast, add things to our Google calendar, make a shopping list ( that Alexa will email to you) and are still adding "skills"all the time. The voice recognition is impressive. We like this so much we bought an Echo Dot for our bedroom
Best new technology. Very easy to install and put to good use. There are so many things it can do for you.
I was not sure weather Alexa would be a real help and flexible enough to be useful. It is ! Great fun and great info. If it only was able to play my music, Pandora and IHeart Music it would be worth it but it does so much more. Every day we learn how ask the right questions to get the best answers and info. The weather and timer are always helpful. Daily Bible verse is great. Her programmed answers to regular interaction is great. I Highly recommend this product.
Bought Alexa for my father in law for Christmas in which he loved!
SuperFun to use.easy set up and great product.
Opened it up and didn't realize it was what he had almost bought for himself.A lot of fun and very helpful in answering questions we have.Will expand to work with home appliances on birthday's. Love it.
Amazing technology and excellent sound. Alexa is such a treat!! Awesome, interactive product from Amazon.
She is fun and intelligent. I definitely see her replacing google as a search engine.
The individual seemed to enjoy the echo. I will say I do like playing music from it. Good speaker.
I bought this for my wife as a Christmas gift. Product is great, does lots of cool things she is very happy..She annoys me all day long talking to it , but thatis also a bonus lol
Because my granddaughter's name is Alexa, I though it would be funny to get one for a gift. I took me a few minutes to figure out how to set it up but it worked well when configured. It was funny when somebody mentioned Alexa and the Halo answered. When we had music playing somebody as a joke whispered "Alexa volume level 10" and then we couldn't the Halo to hear us to shut it up. I had to turn the top of the speaker to quiet it down. I made for an entertaining time. I will probably get one for myself.
One of the best Home Authomation in the business. i love how many features the Amazon echo has, and how it is still learning.
Amazing sound quality, many different features. Great for all music types.
ECHO is great, still learning but Alexa is full of apps skills. Love how responsive it is.
Was initially concerned that it would take a lot to set up the Echo but it was easy to get it all going and very easy to use. Really glad we went ahead and made the purchase.
Was bought for a gift for my mother. She loves it and works great
Echo is great for all ages. It is an amazing device.
Bought this item for easy access to music and our family uses it for everything wether, news, grocery lists etc.
What can I say. We just love it. We listen to the news briefing every morning and music during the day.
We bought the echo for ourselves and enjoyed the features so much we bought several as Christmas presents. The music library is tremendous, love having the shopping list as it synchs with the app. Still some learning to be done by Alexa and our preferences, but overall, very happy with this purchase.
great device...a lot of learning to do. we hsve a lot more of exploring to do with Alexa
I loved it and then bought 2 of the dots for my daughters
was not sure what to expect as im generally not too savvy with technology. this amazon echo product is fairly easy to get started using and can be really helpful when you are multi tasking. I normally don't have a free hand and when you cant have your tablet with you at all times, the amazon echo fills that void quickly. I would suggest everyone with the internet to have one of these in their homes.
The Echo works great and the sound is excellent. In addition to our household, we gave it as a gift to our kids families and everyone loves it.
This was a gift and is being enjoyed. Glad I purchased it
I am truly enjoying my Echo. She does way more things than I thought she could do. I love being able to just ask her something and she finds it. Whether it is to play music, find a radio station, or put on the news or whether. My husband is not very savvy with technology, but I have found him using her as well. She is a great companion to have in the house. I am looking forward to learning more about what she can do.
Excellent I love it!!!! It is the best assistant!!1
The Amazon Echo like living 20 years in the future. We have not even touched the possibilities of this amazing machine.
Very impressive. Works just as advertised. So very easy to set up
Echo is a good product, at a reasonable price; we use it everyday.
Super great if you're an Amazon Prime member, and still very, very good if you're not,
My favorite feature is that it will play almost any music you ask it to and it answers almost anything you ask it.
It's very entertaining and provides instant information.
I love this echo. It's literally one of my favorite gifts that I purchased for my family. We love how it understands very well and does almost exactly what we say. Whenever I forget something for food shopping I literally ask Alexa to put it in my cart and it does just that! It's the perfect little helper around the house. Just what I needed!
The echo is cool. I reviewed the google home product vs the echo. Amazon's echo has been out longer and partners better with more applications. The sound quality isn't as good as the sonos speakers, however it is still very decent and makes a nice addition to where I throw my keys. It would be nice if they made these on a wireless charging station so you could move the echo around more easily.
I love having Alexa! My fave thing is the shopping list. I look through my home and ask Alexa to add items to my list so I never forget anything!
The voice recognition is very reliable. Very easy to use use and can easily understand the response. Unclear if maybe paid sponsors have an advantage over non paid sponsors. Some information or references could not be found. Looking forward to connecting more home solution to the unit.
This is really cool. Having fun with it and learning Spanish from it!
We have had so much fun! Everything that is advertised she does is correct.
It is a common sense thing. It is fun to use. I am going to try the home house stuff but haven't got that far yet
Ask Alexa ANYTHING and she'll search the web. I love being able to control my lights, even when I'm not home.
Great product works and sounds awesome would not recommend Dot too small speaker sucks
The Echo is amazing and has already changed how we enjoy our home! From asking Alexa to turn on the lights in the morning to looking up the star of the movie that we are watching The Echo is a valuable asset to our family. I am going to purchase the Dot and we just added a Tap to complete our Smarthome.
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it! So easy to use...it exceeds our expectations in every way.
I love my Echo, the Alexa app is great I miss it when I'm not at home so I bought a Dot for work.
Great entertainment and easy to use. Great sound when playing music.
I purchased on Amazon Echo, set it up, and used it and absolutely love it! I have automated my Philips Hue lights, ecobee3 thermostats, television, and garage doors with it. I loved it so much, that I purchased a second for my upstairs, and purchased one for my brother for Christmas. He loves it as well. I use it for my alarm clock, cooking timer, weather notifications, and news. There are so many things to do with this device, that the list is too long to write. I hope they update the application so you can use multiple Echos as intercoms throughout the house.
I've really enjoyed using Alexa and have found it more useful that I thought it would. It has really inspired me to start to use Alexa compatible products to make my home smarter.
I find this product to be very efficient for several reasons on an everyday use. The more I use it the more I like it
Not sure what I can add that thousands of others have not, but the Echo is an awesome device. New features added every week. A must own for anyone interested in the Smart Home movement.
This is a great invention. It works really well with my security system, thermostat, door looks and interior lights. What a nice way to feel safe and impress friends and family.
Such an awesome product. Helps me organize my life, my own personal assistant.
bought it and loved it. Bought one for a friend. Ask Alexa anything.
Great item for someone who is home alone, most of the time. Talking to it is an helper in accomplishing complex tasks. Listening to it is pleasing in sitting still.
It was easy to set up and we have loved using it, great for the whole family
Upon purchasing this I couldn't imagine what I was missing. It has been a great upgrade to my home. It has really brought my home closer to the new age
Fun to use, great speaker. Easy to set up and use.
Once you learn how to use it, it is fun to have. This is a bunch of junk that you have to enter so many characters to make this right.
The Echo has been a smash hit. It works well with devices and is easy to set up. The access and use is very simple. My son is taking it to college with him and he loves it.
Speaker system for music play is great. Very sensitive to her name "Alexa". Make sure to disable voice purchasing or place a code if she will be in a room with a television.. there are lots of commercials where her name is called. She will respond.
Alexa became my new best friend along side siri. I ask her anything and everything. Shes great
The amazon echo is great. She knows and understands majority of commands. I haven't used that much, but from what I have seen... so far so good. Got it on sale xmas season!
Having a great time with Alexia. I gave two of these away as Christmas gifts and got the best gift award from my children.
This piece of electronics is amazing. Alexa can answer questions for you, give you weather and news updates, and play your favorite music. Have had the unit several weeks and am very pleased with it.
I purchased for my husband but Alexa is part of the family now. She can play anything off the internet and can interact with us if we have any questions but the best part is her "yo momma" jokes!
my husband loves this present ,, great buy...going to look into the light bulbs ...
The amazon echo is a great the voice recognition works fantastic
Got this for my husband for Christmas. He loves it! The volume is great!
I very Much enjoy Alexa. A lot of fun. Very helpful. Excellent gift
A must have for the smart home designer! I use my echo to control my Phillips Hue lighting, TP Link outlets and switches, Nest smart thermostat and my Home Theater Equipment! Plus having information just a question away is awesome!
An amazing, interactive, fun machine. Superb sound, powerful mike, and with internet connection, unlimited music.
Have the black and the white, identically wonderful.
My husband and I have had a great time checking out all the fun features of the Echo. We are very impressed with the instantaneous answers to our questions. What a fun "toy."
Yes, it's that much fun to use and you'll wonder how you functioned in life without the Echo of Amazon?
Love the music and the interaction. Also responds quickly. Very accurate information.
We really love being by able to play music with her.
The Amazon echo works really great and it works well with smart programs.
This is the most amazing thing!What can't it do? Say a command and instantly you'll get it. Incredible!!
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. They love it.
Fun to play With. Smart and innovative, great deal after thanksgiving.
Bought one last year for a Christmas gift and it is amazing. So I bought 2 more this year for gifts and they loved them.
We love our Amazon echo!! Very easy to setup and use. It's fun to ask Alexa anything. She never disappoints.
If you are a major Amazon consumer, the Echo should be your first choice spot on. The range across a noisy apartment is great and using it with my Prime account features are awesome. There are quite a bit of "skills" you can add to increase the function (for example your alexa can ring your phone if you need to search for it, or use it in an emergency to contact a loved one), works great with Hue and Wemo and I actually use it regularly for shopping lists, weather and other entertainment/news updates. Adore my Echo
We have enjoyed this product especially during the holidays.
One of the best products I bought, it's worth every dime
you just ask instead of having to get on your phone or tablet. fun and informative. simple to set up and use
We are very happy with our new Alexa product. We are so happy that we have been calling our daughter daily with new ideas on how to use it. This has prompted her purchase one as well.
Purchased for my granddaughters. They both loved it. I also purchased light starter kit so they can turn their light on in their bedroom using Alexa.
Great. I'm cheating on Siri with Alexa, She gets me!!! Well done AI, seemless intergration with other smart products. Just a joy to have around. Microphone picks up commands from a distance. Very well done. I bought 2 Echo Dots for other rooms.
Great product. Exactly what we thought. Ordered online and came quickly.
Purchased for grandsons. They were not happy with it because it was not compatible with their iTunes.
Easy to set up and use. The grandchildren, my wife and I all had a lot of fun with the echo.
It's just what I wanted! I love that I can listen to what I want without using my phone
Alexa is like a member of the family. My family uses her daily
Love my Echo, it was easy to set up, and easy to use.
My husband bought this forme as a "surprise"Christmas gift.I love the information Alexa provides and her assistance with my shopping list.
What an amazing design and product. After reading many reviews and seeing the full potential of this product, we just had to have it. We are completely pleased with all the functions and capabilities.
Absolutely adore my Echo. I am always skeptical when my husband brings home new fancy technology but Alexa has not disappointed. I love having my music in any room of the house and I am able to control the song and volume without having to touch the Echo. Makes my life soo much better.
Lot of fun to use. Linked lights and temosta to to echo. Works great.
Wonderful product, very easy set up. Set it up with smart light switches.
Really love everything this product can do. So easy to carry from one room to another.
I like my Echo. It is great to connect to music and ask about the weather and a whole lot of other things. Alexa is fun to have around.
Alexa WRECKS Siri...faster, smarter, and understands complex questions. Picture it this way, who would you rather receive an answer from: A high-schooler or a pre-schooler. That's the difference. No, really. When Best Buy puts this on sale for $139 - grab one! Setup is cake, it's got phenomenal wi-fi reception and is really handy. New "Skills" - basically third-party plugins - add functionality to the Alexa products weekly. If you've owned an ultra-lame Fire device, don't be gun-shy, the Echo rocks. The only caveat is the speaker is just good. Not great. But good enough for room-filling sound. If you have you're own stereo system, consider the Dot.
We love it! Everyone in the house is able to use Alexa. Very user friendly. The instructions were simple just set up and start asking questions or making requests.
This was very easy to set up and user friendly. A+
Neat new tech. Kids love it and we use it almost every day.
It is so easy to set up. Like to ask a question and get The answer. The best gift ever.
Love this product. The coolest thing I've ever seen. When Elexa listens to my demands and plays what I want to listen to is pretty cool Everyone needs one.
Great way to listen to music and great questions answered.
Alexa is easy to setup, and easy to use. The speaker puts out incredible sound for a small device. I highly recommend this, it connects to smart home devices too.
Glad I made this purchase, limitless in potential for automation through out the house, great entertainment tool.
I find the Alexa educational, fun, entertaining and convenient. I say convenient because I love that I can ask the time without looking elsewhere. Whether it's the middle of the night or while getting ready for work. There are so many types of questions Alexa can answer!
If you have decided to buy a digital assistant this is the one to choose. Google home is good but not nearly as refined as Alexa. I have used both extensively and the Echo is the hands down winner.
Compared to products of the same, my Amazon Echo is the very best!! Ordering through Best Buy was effortless & efficient.
Alexa is amazing it absolutely just works for anything that I ask easy to set up she's so easy to talk to I haven't had any complications at all I would definitely recommend this to family and friends it's absolutely perfect it was a Christmas gift and I love it
Love how covenant and quick it is. Easy to use and universal.
I love how easy and fun amazon echo has made my home..learning more everyday to really benefit from all its capabilities.
I was very surprised with the sound from the speaker. Very easy to set up, wide range so that the system can "hear" my instructions from far in my room.
I purchased this item for a very special women for Christmas, she is exceptionally happy. that is great for me
This thing is pretty freakin cool. It's a gadget but a useful one. It's literally Siri for the house. Ask it anything and get the answer or just listen to any type of music in great sound quality. Awesome little thing.
Use to control lights and tempature. Works great for that. Also some music via Bluetooth.
This was so much fun after we set it up in our kitchen.
We've had so much fun with this thing, we just love it!
This is a very good product, the nice thing about this is I can turn lights on and off, the product integrates with wemo, also they are always improving on the echo.
This is so easy to use. An enjoying the many many unexpected things that can be done.
The future is here. This is a great addition to our home
exactly what he wanted and he is very happy with it. no problems
Very fun and informational tool to have. Bought this for my wife but everyone loves it!
I ask for weather, headlines and sports updates, while listening to my favorite playlist. Makes the coffee tastes better with a friend.
Bought the echo for my husband. He love's it. Its an amazing piece of technology.
Never thought I would like this, but my wife gave me one for Christmas, and I love it. It is very easy to use and fun.
I purchased the Amazon Echo for my parents for christmas after they saw it at a friends house a few months ago. My dad, who is not technology savvy in the slightest, loved it! It's so much fun asking Alexa different questions, or using the trivia on her. If you want to play a song you can just tell her. She'll find it or playing something similar if she can't find the exact match. My parents love the Echo. I do too!
Love love it. the best gift for christmas I was given
This is undoubtedly the best Christmas present this year.
The best voice activated device I own. Gets it right 90% of the time. So easy to check weather, time, top news, alarm.
I love my Echo. This is actually the second one I purchased. I use it to set timers and alarms. We also use it to play music for our son and when family comes over to provide some background music.
Easy to setup. Great voice recognition. Shopping list app is wonderful!
Very easy set up, still learning all Alexa can do. Currently use her to play my shuffle station on Pandora. Very good speaker quality.
I'm more impressed with this that I has anticipated! Alexa has been very helpful around the house from music to cooking timer and 20 question with my kid! Now we are stocking up on the smart home items that work with it!
Alexa answers questions easily. I like tha she is always available. It takes a while to realize she isn't totally like Siri. alexa will give specific answers to questions like what's the weather today. Or play specific music. I Like that.
I purchased for my son, he said it is the best gift he has ever received
Alexa is great. Looking forward to getting a dot for other rooms and other devices for her. Still getting to know her but glad she is here.
The sound quality is amazing. Echo is now part of the family. It's an alarm clock, cooking timer, music player etc.
I love this Echo device. I can order items from amazon very easily and turn lights on and off. I recommend this fun gadget
I love this thing runs my lights .The shoping list and to do list is very handy
Our kids even enjoy using the Echo. It's been very entertaining for our family. We do get more music preferences with Amazon Prime membership.
I love the feature it can add events to my g mail calendar. Wish it would sync iPhone calendar. Great and easy to use
This multifunctional device is amazing. After downloading the apps, your possibilities are endless.
Really enjoy the echo. Can ask it just about anything. Has great speaker sound, love listening to my music on it. Excellent product. Glad i purchased it.
Echo is easy to set up. Alexa app was a snap to diownload. Use it for all my music, fitness, and thinks I want to learn about.
Echo works great. It provides good sound for a small system. Bluetooth setup/use can be somewhat annoying depending on what you're trying to connect. However there are always updates, and it gets smarter all the time.
We LOVE Alexa. This AI is so helpful. We use this daily and look forward to the many new uses in our home.
This is my second Echo along with a couple of Dots. I use them for Home Automation, music and basic information at hand. Every home should have an Amazon Echo.
It is amazing and it works great in another room from the Amazon Alexa that we already have.
Easy to setup, very helpful to have. We stream music all day thru it. Also great for creating shopping lists. Just add items when you are thinking about them, quick easy. Makes grocery shopping easier and you save money because you have a list!
It is a great tool to have I like playing my music on command or setting a timer for something cooking. Plus small enough to keep on your counter.
"Alexa" Amazon Echo is the perfect personal assistant. From "to do" lists to music, alarms and so much more. I have it on my night stand and the plan was to eventually put it in the kitchen for the family to use, but no!........., she's mine! My wife is so jealous, lol. But seriously, great device, lots of fun and very useful.
We love Echo! Simple information given quickly and thoroughly. The speaker quality is excellent...we play music all day! Highly recommend!
Still learning to use it. I wish it was compatible with Sirius XM radio .There are so many skills to enable.
It's great to be hands free..just ask alexa to add to shopping list or play specific music..nice sound .. no typing required ... Love it
The Amazon Echo can be used for so many different reasons such as to do list, shopping list, and creating a smart home. I LOVE IT!!!!
Great addition to making the home "smart" keeps getting better and better so far
I was a hesitant buyer of these devices until the echo dot was given to us as a gift. It is fun to use, but we wanted a louder and better speaker. So that's why we bought this. Happy so far.
I love the amazon echo! You just talk to it and ask it questions. It plays any song you would like to hear, checks the weather, creates to do lists, orders things off amazon, checks traffic, looks anything up off the internet. I love it! We have 3 in the house now!
Love how easy it was to setup and use. Sounds is great and the features are abundant.
Setup was easy and you can manage stuff with the Alexa app on the phone (of course you need an Amazon account). So far only used it for music and setting timers but works pretty good. Tons of skills/apps available so we'll try more soon!
Entertaining, great sound. We enjoy using daily and it is very informative!
I bought a few of these as Christmas presents for my family, and they have been a big hit. Alexa is able to recognize voices from across the room, even while cooking, talking, or playing music in the background. it's a lot of fun to ask her questions and see her responses, and as she continues to grow/learn, there will be more useful options to take advantage of.
I love Alexa, I use it mostly to play music, and listen to the weather. I have a slight lisp in my voice and she understands me perfectly, where siri does not. The sound quality is remarkable, and the volume 10 (the highest) is incredibly loud. We use it daily and would replace it if ever didn't work.
I love my Echo! I received it as a gift in 2015, and purchased it as a gift to give in 2016. WIN - WIN item that all ages and lifestyles can enjoy. Weather, news, music, and more ... Alexa is there! She even gets a few laughs when she responds to the TV commercials using her name. Yes, buy it for all the right reasons!
This amazon echo speaker is wonderful. Great quality sound speaker for music and does so many neat things. My favorite feature is the grocery and to do list. Way to stay organized hands free!
My husband is new to technical devices like the echo and it has prompted him to want to improve his communication with a new smart phone.
This a great product. I would buy this again for a gift for myself.
Great sound easy to set up and use. My wife is truly enjoying it.
Got this for someone as a gift and they enjoy it, asking for the weather while doing other things around the house or having your favorite music play. I've tested it and am amazed and what it can do, look forward to what it will be capable of in the future.
Just as great as expected and all reviews say with simple answer easy setup
I bought the Amazon Echo for my husband because he loves music. I was expecting the sound to be okay, but not for it to sound as good as it does. The speakers are of excellent quality. He is very pleased with the quality of the sound, as am I.Even though we use the Amazon Echo for mostly playing music, telling the forecast and adding items to our shopping list, to be perfectly honest, Id love to have another one because we all use her all over the house and I hate having to unplug and move her.
This device is very easy to setup and use and has great sound quality!
Bought this as a Christmas present because I received one last year and have thoroughly enjoyed it. It was a hit !
This is a great addition to our home. We use Alexa daily. We were concerned about setup and use because we are late 60s. But no sweat.Easy to use for music and lots of information. Learning more each day.
I really was pleasantly surprised by how well Alexa is able to understand the commands
I love her...she tells me jokes and tells me the weather and the news...we play games ..she's the bomb
Alexa has been a great addition to our household. She is simple to connect and easy to use. We use her daily to keep us informed about current event, enjoy her music and have connected several devises to her to make our house smarter.
Christmas gift for my son, he really likes it & easy to operate!
I am an avid Apple fan but Alexa has Siri beat! She's easy to talk to, she always listens and does what I tell her to! Lol
The Echo is a great product. You can ask it anything. I can not even to begin to list everything it does. If you have a tech savvy house the sky's the limit.
Did not think this would have been as great as I thought it would be. Does so.much and more. Great gift
I purchased this Echo for my uncle, who is a IT Network Architect and loves everything tech. He has a smart home so he's basically able to carry out everyday tasks with ease (lights on/off, thermostat, grocery list, security system, etc.) He loves that he's able to play his music just by taking to Alexa. I'm so glad I got this for him, he loves it!!
Fast and easy transaction. Outstanding product....
Great way to listen to your music through all of your accounts and play lists. The voice commands make it real simple. I
I use Alexa every day! From using the Amazon Echo with smart home devices to little questions the Echo is a must have!
Very nice gift for co worker. Not too pricey and easy to use for an older person who isn't too tech savvy!
When I picked up this product, I ordered 2 additional for Christmas. They sent me to the MOA store and said they are in stock. I received the text from Best Buy stating that they have been picked for me. Once I arrived they had one, but stated the other one had been sold. I asked if they could get another from another location and they simply stated that it was a popular item for Christmas and they are probably out of stock. After asking four times, I picked up the phone and called Duluth since the website stated that they had some. The store manager looked at me and decided I was serious about checking another store. I spoke with a rep in Duluth and he state that he just got off the phone with the manager of the MOA location and he was shipping one to MOA. So, I hung up the phone, about 5 minutes later the manager came back out to talk to me and he stated they didn't have anymore. I mentioned that I spoke with someone there and he spoke with the manager at MOA and was shipping it to him. The manager denied that he spoke with him. I requested someone from Best Buy leadership contact me and still have not heard from anyone at best Buy. The manager I dealt with at the MOA was Link.
I thought this was a silly Christmas present at first, but now it is my most favorite Christmas present EVER!!! You can do so many things with it, it saves me tons of time, and they come up with new "skills" for it daily! I am giving each of my kids one, and my husband is so impressed with it that he is going to get a Dot to keep upstairs!!! I used to live my life with post-it notes, now I use Alexa instead!!!!
cool stuff for home automation & very useful for other services like News, Alarm, Music, Weather and etc.
I bought this item as a gift for my 15 year old niece for her birthday. She loves it and takes it with her almost everywhere she goes. Now that you can talk through it to use as a telephone it's even more fun to use. I was watching the prices go down and one weekend sale in April, Best Buy were practically giving them away, the online prices were so reasonable one weekend!!
Amazon echo was a great choice. Get your money's worth.
This has been a great addition to our family...haha! The kids love it. And for the price it can't be beat, maybe by the mini me version the Echo Dot.
Perfect size for traveling, sound is amazing and easy to use.
This item is amazing. It does so much and I definitely recommend it.
This item is very impressive and informative. Helpful for the working people always trying to utilize their time .
Alexa is the best. If you can get past your kids asking her every question that comes to mind. Great product.
The speaker quality exceeded my expectations. I have used some of the Skills and am very please with them. Being a Prime member I think the best feature is the access to Prime music, though Spotify Premium members probably could enjoy the same selection if not better.
Alexa is great for listening to music. Sound quality is excellent.
Very easy to set up and the whole family is have alot of fun with this great product!!!
Great starter to running the whole house with wifi. Client loved the gift!
We are having a great time with it and very helpful to turn lights on as I am coming home so the house has lights on when I come in
This is a rare instance of a product delivering on its promises. The set up is extremely easy and intuitive. Amazon has clearly taken the lead in the home assistance space with Echo. As more compatible products become available, the usefulness is only going to improve.
We opened the box, and started working. We added bunch of light switches and outlets, and the operation is perfect.
We have had no problems since we purchased our Alexa. I have it hooked up to our Honeywell Thermostat and our Wemo light switch in the kitchen< and we have had no problems operating our devices. The kids love Alexa for playing their music.
The Amazon Echo is nothing short of amazing. A must have for anyone that listens to a lot of music and wants the ease of selecting songs!
We own an Echo and purchased this one for my in-laws. We really love ours. My in-laws love theirs as well. Easy to setup and use. Amazon is constantly adding capabilities. It is a great gift for a great price.
The Echo has been a great Christmas gift, love the music, news, weather - super easy setup and it just works right out of the box.
The Echo is interfaced to my home automation system which makes control of the house very easy.
Great gift for my Mother, she loves it. She plays Music to her grand baby's
Great Item...lots of fun .HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
Love it, it's almost perfect. Still needs some work on learning, but that will come with time. Right now it's a novelty, but who knows what's to come.
Very happy with purchase. Great item. I'm able to connect my home for wireless use...there are times I stay out later and I am able to turn the lights on remotely for the dog.
Amazon Echo is fun and is easily connected. Ask Alexa anything. This also plays games and gives you a weather report. Many talents. Just enable the different apps.
The echo is simple to use and easy to set up and the speaker sounds pretty solid. It can control most wireless products in your house. It works very well with lifx, WeMo, and Hue products. I even got it to turn off the TV thru Harmony.
Alexa was a gift to a friend while I was traveling to Dubai. They popped in their suitcase to take to their home in Thailand and have been raving ever since. And Cara in the Boston, South Bay location was the BEST BEST BUY gal EVER!
So I was torn between the google home and the echo. Went with the echo for the home automation and it's been better than I expected. It's smart, listen/understands really well. Its a very fun device.
I love the ease of set up and how simple it is to use to get to or find what I need!
I Finally decided to buy the Echo. Went to BB 10 days before Christmas and bought the last one on the shelf. Set up was a breeze and Alexa works great and not to mention I bought it on sale.
The amazon echo is a combination fun, entertaining and helpful electronic product. Best Buy offered the echo at a great price and reasonable shipping rates. My next buy will be the mini version from the same store.
This was a gift for my grandfather's 80th birthday. He was amazed that Alexa could play his favorite songs.
Lots of fun and educational- you can learn a lot and save the walking by talking to this device
Loved it very good product. Couldn't ask for anything better.
I bought the Amazon Echo for myself right before Christmas. I ended up returning it because my wife got me one as a Christmas present! It's cool technology, and is fun to play around with, but I think the real value of it is realized if you have compatible home automation products. However, I'm not in that boat yet.
This is a great smart device for listening to music, news or just finding fun facts. There's so much that Alexa does to make life easier. It takes some time to get all of your presences set up but it's worth the effort. We are so impressed with what Alexa can do that we decided to get some of the security tools to pair with it.
Still discovering the many uses for the Echo. So many uses being discovered daily!
We are very pleased with the Amazon Echo. The sound quality when you use it to play music is great. I have used it for a timer in the kitchen and that is a big help. This was purchased by my husband for me as a birthday gift and I am very happy with it and so is he. Jeopardy is fun to play.
Love it, even though I don't have a lot of other smart products that alexa is compatible with.
Quick Easy setup, fun & We use it all the time! Checking our commute, weather, jokes, recipes, to helpful to mention it all!
Awesome little machine...kids talk to it everyday five times a day!!
I slept on this item. Now that I have a Nest thermostat it is my new best friend.
Gave this as a gift for Christmas to my daughter's family. They loved it!
Excellent product. We have fun talking to our new " friend." Daughter love the stories from the echo app. Very useful and it is used daily. Highly suggested.
We have a smoke glass case so this works excellent for us.
Having so much fun with Echo I bought 4 of them. One for each floor in my home. I have them connected to smart home and can control my home. I intercom between rooms and get calls from my kids on the echo. Getting better all the time.
Great addition to the house from everything for playing music on demand a timer ocean sounds at night and the skills are always expanding well worth the purchase
We bought a second one for my mom. (The kids couldn't keep her off of theirs) Great speaker quality, customizable (we all can listen to our favorite music), fun/helpful features with Alexa, easy to use. Looking forward to using some smart features to help my mom even more.
Purchased as a gift and person that received was happy and excited!
While I put Sonos throughout my home, I chose Alexa for in my shop. I spend a lot of time with my hands full or dirty, and it's great to play music or interact with Alexa apps and not stop what I am doing.
very easy to set-up. a big hit a parties, excellent speaker.
Bought this for my grandkids - they love talking to it, asking questions, and playing music. It keeps them occupied all the time!
The Echo has great sound and is easy to use for all. I also got one for my mom and grandma and they can use it easily.
Very nice speaker. Easy to use great voice recognition. Kids love it
Absolutely the best purchase I have made this year.
This is the foundation of how we're going to interact with our home and purchases. It'll only get more integrated. Whether you like this sort of thing or not, the Echo is fun and useful. Love walking into my house and saying, "Computer, play music from the 90's" or "Computer, turn on the lights". And as more and more skills are continuously added, it'll only get more fun and useful.
Absolutely love my Echo. My home is always filled with music. I even bought another for upstairs.
I love, love my Echo. At a command it will play any songs my mood dictates at that moment.
Don't know what I did before I had this. She is a great assistant in the kitchen, and am considering getting a couple of Echo Dot's for other rooms in the house. Very handy if you have other smart items in your home.
The Echo Black is worth the extra money to get the bette sound quality! No problem. Has performed superbly! Another great Amazon device!
I love having music whenever I want it plus the convenience of asking Alexa to order something or help me with a question. I received my Echo the day after I ordered it. Best Buy, you're the BEST!
This is such a great invention! I mainly use it to play my music.
Excellent technology in a small package and a low price. Works great. Fun and easy to you use. Many uses.
I love my echo and have gotten 4 more for family best thing ever
A nice hands-free versatile piece of technology to have in the house.
Alexa has become part of the family and her ability to interact is awesome!
Connected great and works awesome. Right out of the box it connected.
Great product. Works perfect and connects with my Logitech elite remote and controls music tv etc
Enjoy the fun facts each morning...also use it in the morning to find out the results of the late night baseball scores
So much fun. I continue receiving updates. I do have to continue reading new things to do with it.
The speaker sounds is rich and loud! Even at its loudest Alexa still responds when you call for her. Fast responses and ability to sync with my products is exactly how I want it to work.
This is one of the best products that someone has come with. I love it
It's a great tool for family entertainment. Lots of things to explore.
Great product. I use this for shopping list, which everyone can add something as they use the last one, as well as music.
It is amazing what this Echo can do! I would recommend this for anyone!
It's been very helpful around the house and I now plan on buying dots to place in certain sections of my house.
Just got my Echo... love the voice commands. Slight learning curve with the different commands. App to set up process takes time to set up different music, weather, local news, traffic, etc. Time consuming but once everything is set up, works great.
Absolutely love Alexa! Great sound quality and very easy to use. Love being able to just ask her questions and she can quickly answer. Also, fun to play games
I have had my Echo for 4 weeks. I actually got it up and running without any help. It is just fun to have. The grand children love it too.
My family love the Echo/Alexa specially my kids you can ask almost anything to Alexa
so i got this device to start setting up home automation. the first thing is that my kids love it. my wife gets to sing all her pandora songs. it also works great and sounds good.
Really love the Echo. Still learning all it has to offer.Happy with the purchase
This thing is awesome. Connected my Spotify and can tell Alexa to play anything I want. I mainly use it for music. I use the timer feature all the time when I'm cooking, and listen some news and weather most mornings. It's worth every penny. Great product.
Responds very well and understands you, and this one has great sound as well, unlike the dot.
I paired this with the logitech elite universal remote and my amazon prime account and it make entertaining guest slot easier.
While the design is a little industrial for my taste, it does blend into a room pretty well. The home automation integration is nice too, especially the integration with the Logitech Harmony remote. I love being able to turn things on and off with my voice. Another great feature is the music playback. Alexa has a song for every occasion! Finally, it's kinda fun to talk to. My niece came over and talked to it for hours one day... Go figure! Give it a try!
The Amazon Echo is a wonderful addition to my house. I can listen to the music i like, when I want to. I am still learning about all of its other wonderful qualities.
But I don't know if it is worth the additional money. And it does not allow for aux output. I have the full size in my bathroom were I do not have other speakers. I use the dot with my sound system.
Bought after seeing my son's echo while on a visit. My wife loved it so bought her one upon our return home.
I became a fan of "Alexa" from Day 1. I play my favorite music, use the alarm, check news and weather and even ask Alexa to "tell me a joke!". One of my best birthday presents!
The Amazon Echo is lots of fun to use. It is so smart! Easy to set up.
Still learning with her. Speakers are outstanding and footprint on kitchen counter is small. Like it a lot.
Works great even from a different room it responds and when I play music the sound is very rich
Bought the Echo for my hubby's birthday, and it is everything I expected. It is so easy to set up, and we enjoy it so much. We use it to play music (such as a certain genre or artist or particular song). The sound quality is very good. My grandkids love to hear their songs too. We use it to make our shopping list, as it's easy to add things whenever you think of them, and no lists to lose! I definitely would recommend the Amazon Echo.
Haven't had that much experience with it yet but from what I've done so far, it's been great fun. Love that it can be linked to my home security system. Also, so grateful Geek Squad offers a free class on how to use it. I plan on signing up for that soon!
Alexa is handy and a lot smarter than I thought it would be. I can also see it being used for homework for the answer and not the formula. We can't stop that. Nice addition to the living room.
I just have to say this product is fun and very functional. I get up in the morning and I get news briefings from her, then I can play games, and music all through the day, I am able to leave messages for other family members who have the same product and they can answer me back. I'm loving it!
Easy to set-up and use, can connect easily to phone and other smart devices.
The echo is the first thing my husband and I listen to every morning, so easy to use.
If I have to make an addition to my list, Alexa does it for me...it remember my music and it's the best companion.So far I've purchased 2 Echos and 3 Dots
great item, if my hands are tied up, I can ask alexa about the weather or sports even songs with out the touch of a button
Bought this for my Dad in a senior living facility. He loves it and uses it daily to answer questions and listen to music.
I got this for my husbands birthday. It is fun. We mostly use it to listen to music because it makes it so easy to find an artist. I wish I could change her name to anything I want
Liked the first one, love the good sound quality for its primary use, listening to music
family member has one and has it connected to all things in the house and i loved it
I love the Amazon Echo. Easy to use with great speakers.
It is like having a stereo with every song. We have just started to use this incredible device
I bought for my father and its perfect for him. He loves being able to set reminders and play music he wants.
Excellent device, wish I had bought the bigger one.
Every day Alexa grows smarter and my music pick just grows with any mood I want to hear . I love that more apps are coming for this product
We love the features of the Amazon Echo. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a new gadget.
I absolutely love my Amazon Echo! I have several around the house and in my office.
Bought for Friends Anniversary they love it the first one was damaged no hassle return
Great addition to smart home. Seamless integration with smartthings hub, hue lights, and Rachio Sprinkler controller.
You can pay a nominal monthly fee for Alexa to play tons of music. I also have it set up for Alexa to control all the lighting in the house. Works great.
My husband wanted this for Fathers Day, so I got it for him. He loves it, and I do too. We get the temperature and forecast each morning, set timers for our grandkids playing on electronics, set alarms, play music, and the grandkids get Alexa to tell them jokes. It is amazing, and we talk to her all day. The technology is so outstanding.
Will play your cloud based music or I Heart Radio station with excellent sound. I have also used it to check the weather everyday and my wife uses it for a timer when cooking. I also like it being linked to my calendar and just asking what is on the calendar today and it will tell me.
Bought this for my adult son who is confined to a bed due to MS. His caregivers can ask Alexa to play Pearl Jam music and its there. This is the second one we have plus we also have the Dot.
We love our Amazon Echo. The kids love asking Alexa to play songs and pairing this with a portable battery for the Echo is a perfect way to move Alexa around the house. Highly recommend getting this over the Dot
We love this device it controls the lights in home
love my alexa. i have smart house items that works great with alexa and makes life a lil stress free
It was better than I thought it would be. We use it everyday!
When I first got echo for my wife and I, we really didn't have the highest expectations. It was really something we got to entertain guests. Now that we've had it for a few months, we've found so many uses for it. Turns on lights when we come home, ensures doors are locked before bed, controls the temp in the home, plays music. We love it
What a value and so useful. We enjoy all that the Echo can do. The sound is excellent..........and it's so easy to set up and use.Thank you best buy
...really wanted to go all in when these first came out, but very glad I bided my time. Excellent product and outstanding edition to our home automation. Plus highly entertaining for music, news, weather, you-name-it. Highly recommend!
Got the Echo home and immediately set it up and started to use it. Linked my smart devices and spent a few minutes testing the lights, thermostat, etc. All worked extremely smooth and the sensitivity of the microphone was great. My kids spent the afternoon taking turns asking Alexa to play "Who Let the Dogs Out." Fun times.
Bought extra for a gift. Plan to give it for a Christmas present.
Love my Alexia. I'm learning more and more everyday
I'm not a techno savvy person but found this extremely easy to set up. I have managed to connect my nest thermostat and wemo plug to it. I can't seem to get the Samsung tv to work with it. Oh well. I primarily use it to listen to music and find the sound to be great. One of the best purchases I've made in a long time.
Friend recommended this product. Mainly use for music but controls my tv and fios.
The Echo is great! There are so many uses for it. Love it!
One of the best invention ever! I love mine and giving as presents for Xmas!
Great sound quality. Great way to control other smart devices and/or paired equipment.
Really enjoy the great speaker and music on demand by just asking Alex. Great buy!
After plugging my Echo in and downloading the Alexa app the rest of the process was nice and easy. I just added all my music accounts and my smart home devices and from then on Alexa has been an amazing device. Anyone looking for a device that can help with home automation should get an Echo.
I bought this initially as an alarm clock. I have now loaded it with a lot of skills. I am enjoying using it for tasks and fun.
Easy to get started with usefulFeatures. As I learn of new skills and try them Alexa gets more entertaining. Efficient and helpful assistant.
I love it and I'm I'm not using even a quarter of Alexa's capabilities. The thing that I love the most so far is the shopping list feature. If I take something out of the fridge that I need to restock I just ask Alexa to add it to my shopping list then its on my phone when I go to the store! no stopping in the middle of a recipe to find my phone to add the item. Also works great with Pandora radio. If a song that I don't know is playing and I want to know the name and artist I can either ask Alexa or look at the app on my phone. Looking forward to learning more about what she can do.
works well; great sound. wife needed a second one for her office.
We! love this product. It helps with everything....really
This is the most incredible device. I absolutely in love. The kids can play games on it and I can check the weather. She can do anything!
Grandkids love Alexa. Great for so many things! Everybody should have one!
Fun to quiz, easy to set up. Still learning all of it's capabilities.
My family and I really enjoy this product! It is extremely easy to use and can do a lot of different things. We've created reminders and Alexa will even tell you jokes! I highly recommend this product to everyone.
Device is great, easy setup (less than 10 minutes) and have had no issues. It's recommended to not be near walls, and will confirm, it works better away from walls.
This was a great purchase. Bought for my son for his birthday and the whole family loves it!
great for first timers with technology...alexa is very smart. we not need our collectible cds anymore
Got this as a gift. We have really enjoyed listening to different music and radio stations.
I received this as a Father's Day gift. I enjoy using it quite a bit. I like the Flash Briefing the best. I also use it to play "Thunderstorm Sounds" for relaxing white noise. Easy to set up, easy to operate, and useful with the Alexa app on my phone.
Alexa does so many things like play music, give you news updates, control your Amazon account....etc.So simple to setup and use. It's a wonderful device that is useful and fun for whole family.
Amazon Echo is definitely the cat's meow in smart speakers. So far I've not had any issues in set up or use. Great speaker
We are thrilled with our "Echo" Alexa is a wonderful and useful addition to our family and daily life. We continue to find new ideas and uses for her all the time and are amazed how helpful it is to have her close by.thank you so much for this "genius" .
I am having a great time with Alexa and look forward to expanding her capabilities.
We are still getting used to remembering to use Echo. There are plenty of applications that we have yet to try! I love that Alexa plays music for my every mood! We're adding a second one upstairs!
I love this Echo, when I need to remember something I tell Echo to do it for me.
I'm currently in love with this item, setting reminders! Also playing music with spotify and bluetooth!
I love my Alexa.She is smart,convienient and fun.I am still learning new things about her.
Still discovering what it can do but it is a great item
I love this product! It was easy to set up and fun to use!
i love the music offered through amazon . say the song and she plays it for you. say good morning and she gives you history of the day.
The echo has been a lot of fun and really adds to the convenience of my day.
I am very pleased with this product. I am able to play radio stations from across the country
Easy setup, great sound, stylish, and fun to use!I'd love one for every room in my home!
I started out crazy hesitant about the product seeming skeptical of the voice recognition being overdramatized. It hears me while a song is very loud. As well as the information pre-downloaded is awesome. Just for music alone it's awesome. Everything else, which is not able to be explained is far beyond worth the money. It's an underpriced item and I plan to buy 1 more.
Great product!! Love sound quality. Love being able to control Dish Hopper.
Love how you can ask her to do a lot including lights and cameras . Super fun my grandkids love it too
awesome speaker and alexa is very helpful. I bought it for the bluetooth speaker and alexa is a bonus.
The echo provides great sounds paired with Alexa makes it a great buy.
Good deal on this product. We have several friends that have this and we love to play when we are at their houses
I was a little skeptical on this at first, especially with the price tag to it, but after buying it, it's such a cool piece of tech to have at home or your office. I have one in both places, my girls like using it at home to have dance parties and they're learning the voice commands pretty easily. I use it at work for music, trivia and there are so many other cool tricks it does that makes it a must have.
This amazon echo is simply amazing and a must have for any person and it pairs we with the harmony remote simply wireless
I bought Alexa for my husband for Fathers Day, since he's always looking up the daily weather forecast. I think I use it as much as he does, I love the music choices and the speakers sound great!
We love it.. so easy to install and use. Fun! Great sound. Perfect gift for anyone.
I bought the Amazon Echo to use mainly as a speaker to listen to music. I am learning to use other functionality that Alexa provides and it has been useful. Alexa understands my commands 95% of the time and allows immediate feedback on how it responds to my commands. Looking forward to using more of its functionality.
My echo is outstanding plays my music with clear sounds in it hears my voice five feet away
Really makes it easy to listen to any music I want without having to pick up my phon
IT is great. Easy set up. All family members enjoy it.
Once we downloaded Pandora and iHeartRadio and others on the Echo app we can listen to virtually anything. The kids like to ask Alexa to tell jokes, search facts and request music! I'm always asking her the time and she sets my alarm! So nice to not have to get up to do something. She's awesome!
On the down side, I don't have a smart home yet, so essentially this is just a talking clock for my bedroom. On the upside, it is SUCH a COOL talking clock! The potential for apps and websites I use to extend it is quite breathtaking. So far, I've used it to: - Play music from my Amazon Music account - Read audio books from Audible - Play music over Bluetooth from my iPhone - Play live radio from TuneIn - Play brief news reports from the BBC, PBS and The Economist - Add items to my grocery list (from OurGroceries) - Check my budget (from YNAB) - Check my Amazon order status - Buy Amazon products I've bought before - Checking the time in different countriesI'm looking forward to integrating it with more smart home toys someday!I'm not sure it's worth full price at 180$, but Best Buy currently has it on sale for 90$, which is a great price! I hope my meditation app gets on it eventually, and that some day they incorporate notifications in a smart way to it.
I definitely love using the echo and it makes certain tasks a lot easier
The ECHO is the best music player in the House hands down
This thing is great, turns my lights on and off, tells me stock market details and even tells me jokes. Couldn't live without it.
This product has great response to voice and the abilities are daily realized.
The Echo is a great bluetooth speaker - fantastic base response. Of course, it gives you Alexa as well - which is sometimes very good - but other times disappointing. I wouldn't recommend this if you pay full price, but when Best Buy has a sale this can be a great deal.
Nice product works well with my stuff easy to use and set up
I needed something to control my home alarm and smart gadgets easily and this definitely covers it.
Alexa is great to have around! Especially if you have Amazon Prime... literally the music will go ALL day until you ask her to stop! Best Buy had an incredible price on her. The echo does a variety of things besides play music. If you are into gadgets, this will not disappoint you!
Literally rocks! Besides the home automation capabilities (tied in with my Harmony Hub and my SmartThings Hub), Echo is a great sounding speaker that will play you millions of songs from Amazon Prime Music.
I returned the item for the Echo Dot, and purchased a separate bluetooth speaker. This provides more flexibility from my perspective. I have 2 Echo Dots and both are excellent,
At first wasn't sure if I would use this product all that much but now love it! Listening to Howard 100 at any time, and getting the minutes it will take to get to work so I can plan when I really need to leave the house! And the weather response has been very accurate!
The echo allows everyone in my house to add to my shopping list... love it.
It's fun getting to know all of the things this is capable of doing.
This product is great for all members in the family. . My kids ask questions about homework, my husband loves the radio and I love the the current news.
Nice and entertaining device. Does answer lot of things. Music is awesome. Totally satisfied!!
completely satisfied, and absolutely love it!!! definitely a great thing to have...
I absolutely love this item, it is very easy to use and works well in my office
This is awesome! Welcome to the future. Love that it integrates with a ton of different things.
Voice recognition is nearly perfect! Quality and performance of the Echo is impeccable. WiFi connection and Alexa's connection to our Smart Devices is also great (much better than I had ever anticipated). Music is played all through Alexa which is convienent to the next level with great sound quality. We also have two Dots and a Tap; all highly recommended.
I enjoy my new toy, but haven't fully configured it. I am annoyed when I request the Eagles, Alexa says shuffling songs by Eagles, then proceeds to play one of a few playlists. Amazon's arrogant about how smart their users are. It was obviously just a preselected playlist. This happens with several artists.It is deceptive and below the standards I expect for such a nice piece of hardware!
I own 2 Echos and 3 Echo Dots. I gave my black Echo to my mother in law who is in a retirement place. She cannot see well so she uses "Alexa" to listen to music and read books from my Amazon Prime account. I replaced my beautiful, tall, black Echo with an Echo Dot on my desk and use a Bluetooth speaker to get great sound. The White Echo is downstairs in my wife's office. We have one Dot in the bedroom one in the family room. Alexa hears commands from the closest Echo and performs almost flawlessly. The tall Echos have wonderful speakers with tremendous bass. You can even tell the tall echos to set volume from 1 to 10 (max). Great product.Echo accesses my Pandora account as well as some smart devices around the house.
Absolutely love "Alexa"...On top of up to minute weather, traffic, news, etc.Can play all our music choices....have made her the centerpiece of our home automation system....she controls our lights, thermostat, can even lock our front door...a truly great product!!!
Handy device to have near family rm and kitchen. Great timer for cooking and excellent speaker for any kind of music.
I have seriously enjoyed having Alexa. She makes it a breeze to reorder any supplies I may need for my home such as toilet paper or trash bags. I also love playing jeopardy with her and listening to music. She's also an awesome smart home hub and was so easy to sync with my hue lights and speakers. Definitely a purchase I'm glad I made.
Alexa helps so much any questions answered turn off and on lights. I have an echo in every room your favorite stations artist songs all by asking Alexa. Ask for news, weather, alerts, notifications and anything you want. Alexa is part of the family now.
This product is awesome point blank. It still needs improvement in the conversation AI in order to be able to have that extreme edge over the google home. But overall I love the home automation that is compatible with the product. Most importantly how well this behaves with vivint.
I was originally paranoid of these always listening devices but then I discovered what could be done with home automation and I was hooked. I now have 3 echos, an echo dot, and 3 dash wands. I can control my lights and tv now with my voice! The echo sounds fantastic playing music as well. Really cool devices.
Purchased as a gift. They love it and I loved the price. Lower than Amazon!
Having an only child this is his new best friend. They talk for hours back and forth. All joking aside the echo is awesome. I have the dot and the show as well and they are all great.
So this is more than just another electronic gadget. First the sound from the echo is way above average, not Sono's but not far off. Second is the ability you will have to make your home a "smart" home. Echo will be able to control your lights, plugs, thermostat, garage door, sprinkler system etc. some of the random features are fun like " tell me a joke" or sing happy birthday or what is the weather like in DubaiWell worth the price.
I can't say enough about the Amazon echo! I can't believe for under $200 you not only get a high quality speaker but a smart home speaker. You don't have to be right on top of the speaker in order for it to understand you. I can be all the way down the hall or in another room and it understands what I'm saying. I have amazon music hooked up to it and its so nice being able to call out to "Alexa" to play any song I want. For you "techy" people, I also recommend this product. I have slowly been hooking up my entire house to her. Forget setting up a touch device to control the lights in your house. Alexa is more than capable of doing. You do need to purchase additional items in order to do so, but well worth it. I thoroughly enjoy this product and I bought the dot as well to accompany the echo.
The echo is a great item with lots of compatibility for the smart products I bought, and is also good at being a decent radio/music player when I'm bored.
Bought this as a gift--recipient was happy to receive it. After browsing prices online, I chose to purchase with Best Buy instead of Amazon because it was a better deal. The free two-day shipping was a nice bonus as well. A good experience all around; would definitely recommend.
I really love my Amazon Echo. It respond to voice really well. It is constantly updating and getting better with more and more features. It can play music, tell jokes, control lights, etc. It is pretty awesome.
Works great and does everything you want from a personal assistant.I would defintly recomend this product to someone who wishes to have a personal assitant.
I enjoy the echo. The speakers have great sound quality.
Works great just make sure you have wifi and an Amazon account.
I got the Amazon Echo for a birthday gift and I love it. It's easy to use and sounds great.
We love our Alexa. We can get so much info from this thing & we listen to music all the time. This thing has an awesome speaker for the size.
Better than I anticipated! Has great sound when playing music.
Wasn't really sure of all of the capabilities and applications for the Echo, and I am still discovering them, but after a week or so I am happy with the product. Easy initial setup, easy access to my home WiFi, Amazon account, and google account. I have already used it to set timers and reminders and re-order past Amazon purchases. All easy-peasy lemon squeezy
Plays loud good base and awesome item would recommend
I love what my echo can do, I get my news, weather and traffic from Alexa each morning.
Works as intended. Speaker could perform better, but still give 5 stars as it's not designed to just be a speaker but a voice activated assistant, which it does very well.
Love this gal. We play games, listen to music, set mood lighting, etc. and she always listens to me! Best Buy had best price. Tired of being ignored? Buy one now!
Compact, great playback quality. Heard about this device through a friend and I love it. Clarity is great! Understands commands quickly and concisely.
Keeps up with my appointments e-mails and all sorts of things I love it !
I bought the 2-pack so my significant other and I can play our personal music in different parts of the house.. it was easy to set up and Alexa answers most of my questions intelligently! I am very pleased with my purchase and I know there will be applications to add to the basic system...
Helpful device, easy to install and setup, great speakers
It was a present for my daughter and I am in love with the product. I want one for me
Lots of fun and entertaining. Bought this for my parents to keep them active in the technology world and they love it. Great purchase that works great for them. Especially when they tell it to control the lighting I setup in their home.
I absolutely love my Amazon Echo. I use it everyday for all kinds of information.
I initially went to buy a speaker just to listen to music around the house but I was talked into getting this instead. Best choice ever! Not only do I listen to my music I also play games, listen to all the unusual facts she spews out, I ask her questions when I'm trying to cheat on my jeopardy game on my phone, I use it as a reminder for all my shopping items that randomly come to my mind everyday! I literally take her everywhere I can connect to wifi! I don't have anything negative to say other than I kinda wish it was portable and didn't have to be plugged in everywhere but I guess that's what the tap is for right ? I would recommend 100%! Also fun fact I love when a commercial comes on about the product and she hears her name she responds it was quite funny when it initially happened!
Great! Product echo streams my music and tells me the weather love it!
I like how I can us my ECHO for everything it is one of the best thing I brought.
Alexa works well - providing a variety or electronic systems as well as music, shopping lists, etc.
I have owned a Echo Dot and Wand prior to purchasing the Echo. Based on my experience with all of the gadget I have to say that they are all very useful. Alexa is not perfect but does most of the things I want it to do well.
The echo is an excellent product for listening to music and asking any question imaginable
Easy to setup, fun to use. Use it daily for music.
I bought both the dot and full sized echo, this has incredible sound! It is also very handy for checking the weather/morning commute and using it in the kitchen (timers, recipes, etc)
My wife and I love the echo. Music, facts, answers, all there for the asking.
I absolutely love my Echo! I have Alexa play my favorite must while I'm home. She keeps me informed and helps me remember things that pop into my head as I'm working around the house. I look forward to trying new skills when I discover them. Love this product!
I love my echo. Great speaker clear voice. Fast on answer questions.
Great product. Has so many outstanding benefits. Love this product
This product is wonderful! We use it for shopping lists, music, and general info! We sit around the dinner table wondering about something and we just ask her! Its also great for timers and measuring! LOVE IT!
I love our Echo! It keeps getting better every day because Amazon keeps making it better, without fees.
I love this speaker. It does everything you could ever imagine. Love the fact that I can order something from amazon by just talking to Alexa.
its easy to use and the price was great my son loves it
Easy to set up. Easy to use perfect for playing music on demand
It's very good for cooking, for weather, for trafic, for music ... it's smart for everything! I recommended very much
I bought this to work with my alarm system and works great.
Im having a lot of fun with my echo and learning a lot of skills.
Echo is A fantastic product. Does everything it says it does and set up is a breeze.
It's so cool it's scary. Kids love it, I love it. Awesome
This thing is awesome. Good volume, blends in with the room and is easy to setup.
I was able to get my Amazon Echo through the pre-release special pricing when the product was first released. Ever since I have received my Echo, it has been everything I expected and more. Amazon just keeps adding abilities to the Echo every week, which is great. The speaker on the Echo sounds great when playing music. Alexa is able to understand anything I ask about 95% of the time. I really enjoy having my Alexa Echo around!
It's endless fun, it know's how to spell words, sings happy birthday etc. Sadly I don't use it as much as I want to, other things to do etc. But it's there when I need to use it. SWEET!
I use Amazon Echo for the weather, timer, music, news, and am learning more and more uses for her. I am happy with this product.
I really love my Echo. I enjoy talking to Alexa every day and getting the news, trivia and podcasts. I love that it is a Bluetooth speaker and I can pair and play my phone or devices easily. The easy connection with other amazon devices allows you to easily call someone in your contacts. I want another one!
It's helpful, love playing games! She answering my questions help
This is my second Echo. If you have a smart home, you need thus. It's the brains.
We absolutely love the Amazon echo aka Alexa. She is very helpful with information from the weather to new to sports. And listening to our favorite music. And plenty more. It's voice activated. Very easy to use. So anyone could do it
I'm very happy with my Alexa Echo, it has a great features...makes my life easier...Love it!!!!
Very easy to use. The sound is incredible for such a smallfootprint.
Tons of things Alexa can do!!!!! PLay music, tell jokes, uodates on news, make phone calls. Juts a great new technology that makes life a ton easier
Before we bought this the house was always quiet. Now we stream music all the time just because it's so convenient. Really cool. Works great.
One of my best purchase yet. One of the cool feature is the alarm.. I tend to over sleep sometime.
I love my Echo. Great for music. Great sound and I can listen to any genre of music I like. Does so many things. Incredible!
Set up was fast and easy so many uses for this product. I am very happy with this purchase.
I've had my Echo for a few weeks now, and it is awesome. It's so easy to use the voice commands. There are also a lot of possible connections and add ons in the Alexa App. Great purchase.
This a easy and great item to begin building a Smarthome. The Echo alone adds many features, but it works great with other items as well.
This is an amazing product. Got it for my dorm and I love it.
We have loved our echo. We play music on it daily and use it as an alarm clock in the morning
We weren't sure if we needed this, but when it was on sale and we had a $10 reward cert, why not? It looks really sleek. We enjoy having it in the kitchen. We play trivia daily. Other games like "who wants to be a millionaire " are also fun. We use pandora daily. Good quality speaker despite our large room. We need to learn how to use it to its full capacity but so far so good!
Great product. Very easy to set up and reliable. Voice recognition is almost perfect and very fast. It provides very useful features already with its native services. and it can be further improved with additional skills.It's a perfect device if you have it linked to some smart-home device, as it provides a centralized and integrated home-management platform.I have not had the change to compare it to other similar devices, like Google Home. Anyway, given the reviews and the quality of the device, and the huge amount of options to expand it via additional devices, like echo dot, echo show and other gadgets, as well as the additional skills, I would certainly recommend it.
This is a great item for use is household and kids
Love it, talk to it all the time. Even tell it good night every night !!! She is pretty smart !!!
I am enjoying this product a great deal . I have not really explored its possibilities but am having fun with simple questions and playing music. Speaker sounds great also.
Really enjoy being able to use alexa to voice control everything.
We think she's great! We're learning things every day!
Based on what everyone says about this item , I went out and bought it. And I must say , it's awesome. I use it constantly and it now controls the lights in my living room, as well as an item in my kitchen.
I'm in love with Alexa! This is the most amazing piece of technology I've ever owned!
Sounds great. Picks up voice very well and responds quickly.
Picked up the Amazon echo on sale and have loved it. It's great to have Alexa play an artist or band I want, here how the weather is, or current news. It's been a great addition to our house.
It's great. We have a an echo dot as well and the big one sounds so much better. If you need it for music, don't go with the dot. Go with the Echo (big boy)!
I love my Echo; the technology is user friendly & helps with everyday items. It is great to check the weather with just a few voice commands or listen to my favorite radio station.
Lots of fun. Music, information, weather, Alexa is like a new family member.
Echo is the best thing you could ever buy love it.
The best service ever and and knowledge of products
Amazon Alexa is user friendly and easy to hook up.
The Echo has awesome sound and is super fast. We love it!
There are not many questions you can inquire of Alexa and not get an answer. You do have to precise in the wording of your question. And you always have to start with "Alexa". Decent speaker and you can do Prime Music.The beginning of AI!?!?
I think Alexa is the best...Have to buy the other smart components,but so far so GOOD!
I wanted to buy the Echo for my husband and he loves it. We love to ask questions and play music. In the future, we want to connect our devices that are compatible with Alexa.
I baught the amazon echo after researching the different smart speakers out in the market. It is able to control my Sony 4k TV with just voice commands and it's great to be able to listen to pandora just by asking Alexa.
a great product to access amazon with just voice, overall search ability is ok
My son loves it for the music, I love it for the daily news flash. We love it!
If you are an Amazon Prime member it's Great. Order through Alexa, ask her questions and shopping lists are awesome.
Features are as described. Looks nice and a great item for executive gifts.
Easy to use this device and the sound is great. We continue to find new ways to use it
Excellent product by Amazon. Many uses to make my life easier and fun. I have 2 Echos and a Dot. Well worth the money.
Very helpful and informative. Lots of fun to use. Would highly re
I love my new Echo - I can play music for myself and for my grandkids as well as my wife and we all love it - we all can ask questions and get answers instantly
I like the fact that Amazon keeps evolving the device, making it able to do new things. It is great for playing music at home because the sound quality for such a small device is excellent. The shopping list feature is also nice because anyone with the Alexa app and your Amazon account can check to see whats on the list.
Absolutely love this product and it will be a great Christmas gift for my daughter who is a dance teacher!
So fun, I can play all kinds of music and even my fave radio station out of Los angeles. Ask her anything!
Purchased two of these when they were on sale. One for myself and one for my sister. This device is awesome. I had the Hue lighting system prior to and had to have my IPhone or IPad around in order to control the lights. Now with Alexa I can let her handle that just by speaking to her. Now anyone in my ManCave can talk to her and control the lights as well as the music. Amazon Music Unlimited is just $3.99 with Alexa. Great deal. Give it a try. You won't be disappointed.
I bought two Amazon Echo's at their deal of the day price! We love using them. Great service and product!
We bought it just for fun but now we can't live without it. We have 3 and use them everyday. Trust me buy and Alexa you'll love it
This is one of the most amazing products. We have several of these throughout our house - Kitchen, Living room, our master bathroom, bedrooms, etc. We use it all the time to play music from XM, Pandora, Amazon music, etc. We play specific songs on demand. We get news and sports updates. We get info from Wikipedia! We play games - Jeopardy! We order Pizza from Dominoes! Check my commute time! Make a grocery list a To-do list! Use it as a timer! Use it as an intercom in the house with other Echos. How did we ever live without it! I highly recommend! The voice recognition is great! Way better than Apple Siri! You should buy one - you'll love it!
I have slowly started to smartify my house. Alexa does great with the smart switches and plugs I have in the house. It makes it very convenient when you have your hand full when first getting home.
It's a great item to have in the house or wherever you maybe.
I'm very happy with it. The sound is far superior than the Echo Dot. Really like the fact you can use it as an intercom if you have multiple Echos @ home.
This device does some pretty amazing things from running your smart devices for you to making your grocery list.
A great price for new technology. I would definitely recommend this product for any family out there. This product is up with all current events, which keeps me informed of what's going on every day.
It's a great device that lets you do stuff without getting off your couch or leaving your bed. My lights and fan can be turned on and off by my voice. I set my alarm daily just telling her to set it and the time. My tv can be controlled with my Alexa. You can use as an intercom system if you have in several rooms which I do. The only complaint I have is that sometimes I have to repeat myself a few times for it to pick up what I am saying. But not enough to worry about. B
Great product. The smart home integration is amazing.
The Echo is great! Be sure and check out the Alexa skills!
Absolutely love it, speaker quality is terrible compared to other dedicated bt speakers but does keep this from being a 5 star
I have had an echo for a couple of years and absolutely love it, so when I saw them on sale, I decided to buy one for my classroom. They are well worth the price!
Great purchase! We use the Echo for playing a lot of music. The sound quality is really sharp.
Lots of useful skills to configure the Echo to your personal interests. It also is very good for playing music.
I saw this on sale, and bought it this is the 3rd one I bought to add to my existing system. They are easy to use and setup.
I have only had it for a few weeks, so still have a lot of things to learn, but it was incredibly simple to set up and figure out how to use. It's pretty addictive too.
Just as you would expect it sounds great and works.
The Amazon Echo is a wonderful piece of technology. I recommend it for anyone from tech expert to novice.
Great device! Works well. I'm impressed with some of its abilities.
There is so much to do with the Echo, that I am still getting to know it. Everyday, I learn and try a new skill. Great device, great price!
This is really a great product. Ask whats on your mind to Alexa, and she answers.We have enable many skills for echo, and all of them are very amazing.Wish it can have a context building module, which it can remember and build some context.Other than that this product is very good, volume and sound is superb, louder than portable bluetooth devices.I like the white color better than black color.
Just bought his a week ago. It works great in recognizing our voices and commands.
Purchased during the 1/2 price sale. Definitely worth the money.
We have enjoyed Alexa. She will play songs for us, give us information, and even tell jokes.
We like the way it integrates with our Nest. Music on demand is great.
We bought the Echo after visiting relatives that had one. Had so much fun we just had to have one too!!
The echo is a fun time for all. I love that I can connect it to lights. The grandkids love to ask Alexa questions. Everyone has fun with it!
Great sound and syncs well with andriod phones. Good buy
First off I would say Best Buy is where I get all my electronics. Nothing like touching and testing something before you buy. This is a great little device. If you catch it on sale and you can afford. Get one. You won't regret it.
Love this thing. It's very useful and a lot of fun to have!
We love playing music and radio with it. Or kids ask questions and it is quite entertaining
Love the idea of AI and this is easy to use. Even my 3 year old grandson knows how to play music or turn on lights. Then I can't pass up a great price.
This Echo device is great. The sound is awesome, There is so much this thing can do just talk to it it talks back. One thing I have that will listen to me. Just kidding.
I bought this Echo because of the price ,its fun! i like the stereo component the most but I also play with Alexa often,,,,still learning how to submit the skills, most of which you need to interact with Alexa.
I have had an Echo for over a year and bought two for my son's. In my experience it is a joy to use. The voice recognition tech is astounding. It is really easy to use.
Definitely, one of the best connected home devices ! Very practical and accessible! I have one in each room !
We love our Alexa's! Have them in some of the rooms and in the garage! Great way to work out while listening to music!!
This thing works very well with my smart home and it has a lot of skills.
I had the dot, but it wasnt loud enough. Ive used my sisters and fell in love with this one. She has the black one, so I got the white one & I love it. It blends in and works great.
Great product. Works well with all my smart devices.
This is our second full size Echo and I love it. It is a great device overall, and when combined with other smart home products it really comes to life. I highly recommend one to anyone that is curious about the features or the potential uses in home automation.
Amazing device. I have found so much that can be done without picking up my phone. Love it. You you will be happy you purchased it.
this speaker is the coolest thing since sliced bread. you can ask her anything and she will answer you in 1 second and play any music you ask her to.
great bluetooth speakerworks well with harmony hubworks well with smart appliances and ifttt
The full size echo sounds great and is responsive. Setup is easy. I use it with Phillips Hue and Plum light pad. Works well. New "drop in" feature allows me to use the full size Echo, Echo Dot and Echo Show as intercom units.
Voice recognition works great. Wish Amazon had more sophisticated features available through this device. However, there's lots of innovation going on here. You won't be disappointed. The speaker is pretty good for something this size.
Love this product! I bought 1 about 6 weeks ago and quickly knew this was my favorite new "gadget". So when the discount was offered, I snatched up another one!
I love my Amazon Echo with Alexa. Very cool item. This one is going to be a house warming gift for a friend from college. I own two, and gave several of the Echo Dot's as Christmas gifts last year. The more you use it, the smarter it becomes. The price right now is EXCELLENT !!!
Echo will quickly become your best friend. Her sound is clear and crisp. Music is fabulous. She takes notes, make lists, read to you, make jokes and the list goes on!
This one was a little trouble setting up but finally I got it going. Now it's working great, but the Alexa App is acting funny tonight... This is Aug 25 2017...
The simple set up, ease of use, and features of the Echo make it a cool little device to have around the house.
I bought this to be an assistant for my husband who is in the earlier stages of Alzheimers Dementia. He is able to ask about his schedule, get reminders to take his medicine, and get basic information like time and date. He also requests weather forecasts. Alexa always answers with a pleasant voice no matter how many times the question is asked.
You can tell it to do cool things and have it also turn of lights etc
"Ok, I will rate your Echo. Your Echo has great sound to play all your favorite Spofity songs. It can give the hours to local restaurants, provide the weather and corny jokes. You can call or text your contacts on their mobile devices and call in from mobile devices as well. The voice-activated Echo does these things and so much more. Your Echo deserves a solid 5 stars."
This item is a must have for everyone. Very easy to use.
Alexa is extreme;y polite and helpful! Just love asking for particular songs and instantly hearing them play with a crisp sound. Great device!
Love my Alexa! I love all kinds of music and I can get it with Alexa! If your stumped on a question, just ask her. She know the temp. where you are and weather. It's amazing the sound that comes out of this little tube! The music sound is awesome!
Alexa is great! I would recommend it to anyone! She answers any question. I ask. I love her for the speaker aspect of things .
This device is awesome, the best voice command device I ever had.
One of our best home purchases. The echo has been very helpful to us daily.
I love being able to say "Hey Alexa, play the Beatles" and she plays a mix of my favorite songs. And not to mention playing Jeopardy every night!
This is a great product I love the amazon Alexa. Must have if you want a smart house
Amazon really hit the ball out of the park with this one, the Echo is great!
Very simple to set up and easy to use! If you are looking to start or add to your smart home this is the way to go!
Amazon Echo is a fun, easy to use and good value products.
great for streaming music, getting weather or news flashes, and we always enjoy trying to answer the extra Jeopardy question from each category every night.
My family and business love this device. It's easy for the kids to use. Instantly provides music for our work day.
I love this thing. It gets used all the time in our house. It is so versatile and has so many possible connections. Only thing is, be prepared to spend more money on other things to pair with it.
My kids love it and use it for everything, including their homework. It is really a great companion.
It's so nice being able to listen to whatever we want to listen to! She tells some pretty corny jokes, too!
This is really helpful for everyday use. Helps with entertainment, ect. I really enjoy.. Echo
I didn't really think I would enjoy it as much as I do. Absolutely perfect for our master bathroom. Constant music, weather, time, and useful info to get the day going.
There is no substitute to the original Amazon Echo (tall cylinder). This unit has the turn knob on top for volume, has a much louder speaker, and is the basis of how Alexa was originally developed!
Easy set up / good sound quality / loads of fun to play with
Was hesitate to order this because I thought it might be difficult to hook up. Step by step instructions from the app and the echo was so easy to set up. Volume is spectacular!! Amazing what you can ask Alexa...still learning and playing. Love it so much I ordered another dot for the bedroom.
I'd been using a 15+ year old stereo that was taking up a 2 ft square space. Alexa uses about 4 inches. The sound is fabulous! Why didn't I do this sooner?
I absolutely love my Amazon Echo, highly recommend.
Wanted to buy the Amazon echo for a long time, was glad that I saw the offer best buy had, got it around 2 weeks ago and I love it so far, for me listening to music is a big part of my day and the sound on the echo is fantastic, I really like the design, Alexa is pretty helpful even though I haven't had the chance yet to fully use her capabilities but asking for a song or ordering things from Amazon is pretty easy and convenient, I have an accent and Alexa doesnt have any problems understanding me!, would definitely recommend it.
Can't wait to use my new echo, heard such great things about Alexa.
Good fun activity if you enable certain skills , kids enjoy it . Good sound quality
Didn't think connecting me house to Alexa would be so easy.
Got a great deal from Best Buy on Amazon Echo during a 1-day sales event. Use Echo as a countertop speaker more than anything else in our dining area/kitchen, and the sound clarity is amazing. Has turned into a great every day companion.
Works great! Still trying to figure it all out but I have no problems so far. I am looking forward to expanding my uses for it but so far it makes for a great speaker!
I've made my home into a smart home and the echo and echo dot we boght make it easy to control all aspects of the home.
It's easy to understand the popularity of the Alexa Echo.It's a great accessory that will enhance your entertainment capabilities
I love this product. I have it on the kitchen counter and use it to save to my grocery list. Then when I go to the store, I just pull the shopping list on the phone app. Other features - I use it to leave messages to other members of the family, help me convert cooking measurements when increasing the number of servings for a recipe, etc. Each day I discover a new feature I can use.
The Amazon Echo is very useful for all sorts of things, like playing music, telling the time, doing arithmatic calculations, etc. etc. Paired with a smart plug, you can tell it to turn lights on or off (for example.) All this is great fun and the Echo is adding new "skills" to its capabilities every day. The Echo has a decent speaker for music. Highly recommended!
Already had an Echo DOT so I knew what I was getting. Rich sound with this full size speaker. Alexa very pleasant as usual
This Echo takes the place of the small model. Has great sound very pleased with purchase.
My kids love it as they can ask Alexa to play Kids Bop radio on Sirius.
I first bought an Echo Dot during Prime Day and almost instantly regretted not getting the Echo. So when Best Buy had the Echo on sale at Prime Day price, I bought it.The Echo is very easy to set up. The speaker system on the Echo versus the Dot is amazing. Very rich sound and it carries well. I have it set up in my living room and when I have a playlist going, I can hear it clearly in my bedroom (at the other side of the house). I've got 2 Echo Dots as well and like the intercom feature--my dog isn't a fan. LOL:-)
Well I don't have anything bad to say about the Echo! Alexa is always there to answer a question, tell me a joke, give the weather report or play my favorite music!! She sets a timer for me while I am middle of preparing dinner or baking, I love how it hears your voice over music or background noice and is ready for your commands!!
Easy online purchase. easy use and setup and very useful device to have all around the house
This makes three I have purchased. This time as a gift. Its fun, accurate and works.
This was my second smart home purchase, the first being the Nest Thermostat. We bought the Alexa with the smart Hue Color Lights. Set up was a breeze. Linked to my Dish Reciever and my Serius XM account. Shutting on and off lights is as simple as telling Alexa. I love how you can change the color and intensity of the lights. Everyday new skills or software is available. After using this for a week, it has convinced me that a smart home is the future. One wish, it would be nice if I could turn on and off The nest thermostat through Alexia. Right now you can set the temp or ask what the temp is but there are occasions where we open the windows and I don't want the AC kicking on so we manually turn the thermostat off. Great product....wait for the sale, it knocks off about $100.
I use to control my smart devices in the home and listen to music. my kids also use to help them with their home work.
I love the Amazon Echo. It has great sound for playing music and I use it every day!!
A great piece of technology. A wonderful convenience that helps make you day better.
Really happy with it. Easy to set up and every day I find new features to it.
This is my second echo and I have a dot as well. Great product. Love everything it can do including keeping up with my shopping list. Love these!
I would have to say this things is so cool. control most of my plug in stuff, like AC in the room turns it on and off with the modular
I love the fact that I can have it play all types of music. The Alexa also helps with amazon shopping and current events.
I was a bit uncertain on whether or not we would actually use this enough to warrant the purchase. After having it for two weeks I can definitively state that we do. It's such a great speaker that doesn't require linking to a phone, and that makes me listen to music far more often. The assistant features are also quite nice. Overall, very worth buying and keeping in your main room.
We have had so much fun with the echo! Playing music, sending texts and asking questions! Anyone that comes to our house talks to Alexa!
This product is the greatest thing.. Not only is it a speaker, but it is also a little computer at the palm of your hands. You can do so much with the Echo that we are having so much fun talking to her. There are little games you can play with her and she also has a variety of other things she can do. If you are on the fence about getting an Echo I wouldn't hesitate and run to the closest Best Buy and pick it up now. You will not regret it.
This product is amazing. I am electronically challenged, but can use this item, maybe not to its fullest potential, but I am learning!!
I'mSuper happy with the echo from Amazon. It's my new best friend. :)
A device that gets used to how you speak and follows your commands. The thing has a bit of personality and becomes fun to use.
2 thumbs up! Alexa works great. Recognizes voice with no problems.
I love this thing! I use it to control my Hue lights and music. It's a great speaker too.
Love my Amazon Echo, very responsive, mainly use it for weather and music. Answers any questions I have. Soon I will connect it to some lights, for a start
The Echo and Amazon Prime make for the perfect combo. Using this for parent in a rehab facility who can't see very well after a stroke. The voice commands work great only challenge is the connection to the facilities wifi. At home it would be no problem at all.
The Echo is a cool little device. Great for playing music from Pandora or Amazon. A fun way to access the internet. Finding more uses for it daily! Would make a great gift.
My 81 yo mothers loves to be able to adjust lighting levels with voice commands through integration with Philips Hue devices, and my 84 yo dad laughs every time Alexa does as she is told and says "OK"
Have you ever had a device that actually changed your life? This is one of those devices. It's absolute genius. Echo is for you if you use Amazon Prime and have WiFi in your house. Tell it what music you want to listen to. Ask it how many teaspoons are in a 1/4 cup. Tell it what groceries you need. Tell it to turn on the lights, TV or anything you want with the addition of smart plugs. All in all, it's as close to flawless of any new technology I've ever had. Echo is worth every nickel.
I love my echo! I use it to listen to music and the timer the most. Its nice to get the weather and to use it w/ the Hue Lights to cut lights off and on. My daughter loves the tell a joke feature.
This is the second Echo I have purchased. They are amazing from ordering with Amazon, to music, not to mention the new partnership with Control 4 I can operate my entire home automation system now with the echo. This is my best buy of the year....Looking forward to the dots which can go in every room of the house. GREAT JOB!!!!!
Alexa is fun! I like that she turns out our lights. My kids love her corny jokes.
Amazon Echo is a great personal assistant. I find it more helpful than Siri on my iPhone. It can be used to set timers, work outs, and silly things like telling jokes plus much more. Also, it can be used to turn your home into a smart home which I have done with my lights. "Alexa, turn on lights."
I'm deepy invested in the Apple ecosystem so I approached using the Echo as a just something to experiment with. Now I understand Barry Diller's statement that eventually Jeff Bezos will be the richest man in the world. And for me it starts with the Echo. I use it from the (funny) morning alarm to bedtime when it manages my night time Hue light scenes. I prefer to listen to music through the Echo and not tie up my other devices. I've ordered several Dots and am looking forward to being able to use a more serious speaker for music. Now that I've been sucked into the Amazon universe I've abandoned my Apple TV and replaced it with the Fire TV becuase of the Alexa voice control. The kids use Alexa for homework and even my "beyond cool" teenage son admits it's a worthwhile technology. I have a lot of fun with the IFTTT recipes; its become a bit of a hobby. And rather than having a technology where you blink your eyes and it's out of date, the best thing so far about the Echo is it just keeps getting better with more product integrations, "skills", and ever expanding content. I recommend getting one soon so you can enjoy the new stuff as it comes along.
Who needs a wife when Alexa does it all? She is a great listener.
Can't say enough good things about this product. Very happy with the way that Alexa integrates into my life. Well designed and well executed. I'm waiting for Amazon Dot's to put around my home.
Only used a few times since I bought it, but the few questions I asked answered them fast and correctly
Alexa is way more fun and practical than I thought she would be. She isn't anywhere near as smart as OK Google, but she sounds a thousand times better and I'm really happy to have her.Shopping discounts, Hue control, music, scores, and weather. She'll even read your Kindle books to you. I find myself saying "Thank You" after she does something. And yeah, I asked her to marry me.
I love my Echo. I use it everyday. I recommend it.
I use this to voice control different products around the house. It can integrate with light switches and my nest for example!
such big sound from a tiny cylinder . I originally purchased to only listen to music but end up loving the technology and use the Alexa features almost everyday!
Very good product with many new features each week. Good learning tool for young children with teaching mathematics, history etc.
Love love love it!!! Best purchase ever!!! Love listening to music and sound is great!!!
I love asking Alexa questions and having her turn the lights on and off.
I've had my Echo now for a month. It was easy to set up, it interprets both my commands and my wife's commands very well and we continue to find helpful ways to use it day-to-day.
If you never thought about getting a Echo you should now because this is the best thing since sliced bread.
Quite an amazing piece of technology. Within the months we have had this item it has continued to better itself with knowledge and understanding of different questions. Very convenient for listening to music. The sound quality is better than any Bluetooth speaker I have ever owned. Highly recommend it!
My Alexa Echo is so fun and very easy to use. I love asking her questions and having herPlay my favorite tunes.
I recently purchased 3 Echoes - for my daughters and myself then I purchased this one for my friend because she loved it so much. It is a handy resource and it's also fun! It's really a cool device.
We originally purchased the Echo to play music in our master bedroom/bathroom leveraging out Amazon Prime account. Now that we've been using it we've found countless uses for it. We're so happy with it we just bought the new Echo Dot. The speaker in the Echo is great. We purchased the Echo Dot for areas of our home that already had a good music system, but we wanted the other great features Echo has outside of playing music.
Great sound and very responsive to voice commands. Looking forward to using the other skills.
I def enjoy the voice assistant from Amazon. I can control lights, TV, and audio. Plus Alexa keeps up with any questions I have. Plus she is a good sport even if you insult her.
Just excellent product.great sound.great features.answers most questions.
It is really a nice addition to our kitchen. My wife loves the timers and I love the music. We also like the various jokes and interaction.
Alexa does everything promoted and more. A game changer for smart home control. I'm controlling lights, climate, Televisions and music. Pretty sweet!
Wasn't sure if my non-techie family member would get much use out of this, but still gave it to them as a birthday gift. I was so wrong to underestimate how much they would enjoy this product. They can't stop raving about it. They loved it so much that they also bought the echo dot to use in their bedroom. They like how simple and easy this is to setup and use.
Great for the home or office. The music sounds great and it can hear from across the room.
Works great having lots of fun asking questions. I have it connected to my smart home and insteon lighting so now everyone can easily operate the house by voice. There was a learning curve as to how to communicate with the Echo but easily learned
I love this thing , I recommend it for everyone a must have
I love Alexa it's fun to use and so convenience. I use it as a timer when I'm cooking. Ask it to play music. Even my kids like it. Great product!
Is very easy to use and set up . Love it for music and shopping list .
This product should get product of the year award it is the most amazing piece of technology I have purchased this year it can control your schedule play music from Pandora and I heart radio controlled the lights in my home turned the TV on and off with voice commands so far I haven't seen anything else quite like this it's absolutely amazing.
This is a great new product. Speaker sound quality it pretty good, and I love being able to stream music without a phone or tablet. It can tell you the news and weather and is learning new functions all the time. I think this is the wave of the future. It is nice having my own personal assistant around the house...now only if it could make me breakfast.
I love that the Echo responds well to anything I say. Weather, traffic, sports are all easy to ask for. I can't wait to begin hooking up my lights and other home electronics to it.
We are trying to make a smart house and Alexa here is the best. Alexa turns on everything we ask her to as long as we do not speak too fast. She is great for telling news briefs, weather updates, sports facts and conversions. She even plays the amazon playlists. If I am in the other room, she can still hear me if I speak a bit louder. I love Alexa!
So much information is put at your fingertips. I love the unit and I'm going to buy one for my grandson.
I love talking to Alexa on Amazon Echo!The set up was fast and easy to do. Just plug it in and follow the easy instructions that Alexa gives you. I loved it so much, I bought one for my brother!!
It performs just as advertised, and I keep finding new tasks for her. If you love gadgets like I do this is a must have.
I can use for so many different functions. It's easy to function
The Ehco is awesome. I get my morning weather report daily along with the evening news as well. Plus all my music is just one request from Alexa away. The technology is amazing. Having a ton of fun with it. This item would make a great gift.
Alexa is now part of the family. We have integrated her with our smart things hub and along with apps like ifttt she works great.
Man. I was blown away with this. The voice recognition in fantastic. Answers almost all questions. Very helpful.
The Amazon Echo is used by me every day for various tasks. It can get me my daily news briefings, tell me the weather outside and play music form my Amazon library and other sources. Very useful and fun item.
I bought this for a family member who has very limited use of her hands due to a spinal cord injury. She lives in a nursing facility. My hope was that she could enjoy her favorite music and listen to broadcasts of her favorite sports team simply by speaking to the Echo/Alexa device. My big concern was that she would not be able to use the voice commands due to her weak voice.Happily, I can report that she loves it and is able to successfully use the voice commands. We have it sitting on her night stand about two feet next to her. And I know that she loves it not only because she tells me but because I can see, using the Alexa app on my smartphone, each and every time she interacts with the device throughout the day. I can even listen to the audio of each of her interactions with the device. And I am not exaggerating when I say that she often interacts with Alexa/Echo over 100 times throughout the day!So far, she uses Alexa/Echo to listen to her favorite music through my Prime Music subscription. We recently purchased a few songs that she couldn't find in Prime Music. She also often asks it to tell her a joke and check the weather outside. She says the staff at the nursing facility where she lives seem to be amazed by the device as well and she often demonstrates its capabilities asking it to tell her who the current president is. Currently, I am helping her become familiar with its ability to play local radios stations, especially the ones that broadcast Kentucky Wildcat sports games. When I reminded her that it could read books aloud, she requested a chapter of the Bible; I found a beautiful professionally produced audio version with professional voice actors on Audible.This product has been a real revolution in my aunt's day-to-day life and the Prime Music connectivity is bringing her great pleasure and stimulation. I am giving it five stars because she is able to use it unassisted simply with her voice and because the Alexa app gives me a new fascinating way to keep track of one aspect of her day. My aunt hopes that a future update will allow it to control her TV and make/receive phone calls.
I love asking Alexa to turn on my music, alarm clock, and lights!! Makes apartment life fun!!
The Amazon Echo is a fast-responding, voice-activated interface. It is a great personal assistant for some of the basics at home like managing a calendar, shopping lists, and trivia.
Works great! My echo answers all my questions. Very happy I purchased it!
Echo is phenomenal. I find myself asking for definitions, music, weather, news and changing my thermostat. I'm looking forward to see the future with echo
Great and fun to use. I like the music link up and news
Have had it awhile and still learning and adding to it's skills but so far it's pretty good. I'll be adding the additional home automation features soon so we'll see how that goes.
Love this product! Great for entertaining purposes.
Simple to use and easy to set up, I wanted something to remotely control the lights in the house. It is great for looking up info on the net.
Alexa is my new best friend. I was able to set up the Amazon Echo rather quickly. It was harder to unpack the device than to set it up. I love to listen to the music and play jeopardy. I can even ask Alexa to turn on my lights, you need a smart plug to do this it is an added cost but worth it.
We use our echo in the kitchen it's great for multiple timers while coking, music, news flashes.
The Echo is fun, useful and entertaining, I use it for making a grocery list, for a timer while cooking, etc, and I love it for listening to news on the radio and to my music on my play list.
This is great technology. I can even order from it.
Alexa wakes me up every morning and with out having to turn light on to see clock can just ask, Alexa what time is it, plus can do so much more, such as play songs from play list etc. worth the money!
I can't tell you how much enjoyment I have received from just listening to the music , and meditation program.Once you understand all of the functions, it is wonderful, most of all if you are housebound.
Great product, fun to use, and brings all tech together in the house
Terrific product. Clear sound. Plays great music. Very enjoyable.
Have it located in our kitchen and is great for listening to your Amazon music. Voice recognition is good and we also use the timer function often. The quality of the sound is good too with decent bass.
This has exceeded our expectations. We love it and would recommend it!
Easy to set up. Very responsive. Excellent sound quality.
I LOVE THIS THING. HOW DID WE LIVE WITH OUT IT BEFORE HAND! Such and amazing product
This thing is awesome! I got to replace a Bose docking station I had in the garage and I couldn't be happier with it. In order to get full use of everything it can do I would recommend getting Amazon Prime.
I love this thing. So much fun and so easy. It is also like having an assistant standing there to help you. How great is that!
We love our Alexa! We use it for weather, news, music, games, timers, shopping lists, jokes..... My daughter got one after hearing us rave about it, and all of our grandchildren are getting a Dot for Christmas.
Works great for checking the weather, checking your calendar, playing music and asking questions.
This is a great centerpiece for your smart home. Has the ability to control so many devices with more abilities coming. Also has an impressive speaker for such a small device.
I was hesitant at first, but now I love it. I love turning the lights off/on with my echo.
The amazon echo is great. It has amazing sound. I like the ability it can be operated from your phone, online, and by voice control.
Does everything that are claimed, the speaker system is wonderful.
i love it, good sound quality, much better than amazon tap plus alexa is best
Love it, tells me weather, controls my house, I can set a timer without having to touch anything.....
What can you say about this amazing product..state of the art fun and amazing capabilities.
The Echo is pretty awesome, especially if you have smart home things! My kids play games with it and can control our entire audio and video library! A little pricey, but worth it IMHO.
I bought the white and black version as well as the dot and all products are great. They work in each room with wonderful sound and get smarter everyday with new skills.
Useful, fun and informative. Answers most questions quickly and the music/speaker is great. Caution: Alexa has really good hearing!
Echo is great works well no problems, best with amazon prime
Not only fun but very informative in all sorts of areas
My wife and I love the Amazon Echo. It is very easy to use.
The amazing Amazon echo. That is the perfect heading for the speaker. Actually it's far more than the speaker, this may be one of the best purchases I've ever made. I use it to order an Uber, to order pizza, to look up recipes and to buy things on Amazon simply a genius product.
this speaker is amazing and alexa is a perfect friend
The echo is a great product for anyone! Love being able to find answers to all my questions so fast!
Device is very responsive upon command. Easy to setup and is a companion when no one is in the room
Well done Amazon - easy to set up and use - well made product.
I love the voice control, that was the main reason for the purchase. Works awesome if you have Amazon Prime Music. The sound quality is good, although if that's the most important feature to you, there are better speakers out there.
This is kind of your mini assistant to find the info on your voice command and also plays a quality sound. I paired it with Bluethooth and can listen to Youtube. It reads my audiobook and frequently I ask for traffic updates before heading out, next day's weather forecast before hitting the pillow, newsflash and HBR Management Tip getting ready and currency exchange rates apart from playing music, etc. So much to explore. Results are cincise and accurate. Voice recognition from far away in the room is great. Kids love listening to jokes and ask fact finding questions. Wife likes ease of alarm, asking time without looking at wall clock and enjoys creating shopping list. This is an awesome device.
Coupled with Wink, this becomes an invaluable tool. I can't comment on audio quality as it's location is not ideal for sound. Voice recognition is the best I have used. Play CNN, Play x, Play y. It works very well. The Smart Home connection is really what I bought Echo for and it is fantastic. Make shopping list and see on your phone. Turn on x light or group of lights. Raise, lower thermostat. It all works very well. If you don't need audio quality, use DOTs. Echo is overkill for my use when DOTs are just as capable. With 6 DOT, 1 Echo and smart 42 devices connected, the home is very smart. Echo and DOTs make it happen. I still use Echo in one location since it was the first part of the system I bought. But now realize DOT would have been fine in that location as well. I recommend Echo if you want a better sound for listening to music, but if you are connecting to your current AV system or are not putting in a location where audio quality is not required, go DOT. Oh and DOTs sound quality is acceptable for communication type audio.
A lot of fun it is great I can wait to try all the features of it on my home I'm going to get the lights
We love this! Sound has great range, full sound. We have recommended this to several friends.
Alexa works very good , controls my thermostat ,TV lights and even tells corney jokes
The Echo is very neat & fun to use. Just ask Alexa questions & she will give you the answer!
What can I say but out of this world. This thing is so cool.
I've had Alexa for a few months already. I have her controlling my front door and all the lights in my house. I'm slowly getting my house to a smart house and she's a very good addition
The Amazon Echo is a lot of fun to have. I use it for streaming music from Amazon and also as a Bluetooth speaker with my phone. Set up took about two minutes- very easy.. Getting it to play music is a lot easier and quicker than scrolling through my stored albums/artist. I'm going to try the 30 trial for Amazon's new music service. I expected it to have an even fuller range of music available. Also, my wife likes Alexa's jokes.
This is the greatest present I ever bought myself and worth every penny! She can bring a party to life or be your buddy and play games with you if your alone! Love Alexa!!!!!
We use this device daily. It is so easy to use and the sound is incredible. We can hear itt clearly throughout 1800 sq foot home
I LOVE love love my echo! I have one in the kitchen and 1 in the bedroom. Love getting weather, plays my favorite music, controls my smart devices & tells the best jokes!
It's worth it for the shopping and todo lists alone. Great product.
Bought this as a birthday gift for my 80 year old dad and he loves it. Even though he is tech savvy, no need to be to setup or use.
It's an awesome product. The sound is pretty impressive from such a small cylinder. News, sports, weather, jokes, and nearly whole house control. We love it!
Excellent product I would recommend to anyone. Very happy
The convience of the Amazon Echo is instantly noticable! This is the first step I've taken towards building a "smarter" home and am loving it. Being able to grab information by just talking to this device is wonderful. Granted I do feel a little silly having her tell me jokes whenever I am home alone...but that aside this is a great device. The Echo can sync up with Hue lights, nest thermastats, etc. and I can't wait to try that out! Make sure to get Geek Squad Protection! Yes it is a few more bucks, but why not protect your investment? I'm sure it'll come in handy when I need it too.
The Echo has wonderful option, great sound, and easy to set up.
My best purchase to date. This product is awesome.
I have the Ecobee Smart Thermostat and Sensors. Now, with the Echo and a few Dots throughout the house...I am looking more like George Jetson!!! A great device to voice control compatible smart devices!
I love love my amazon Echo. I love hearing the deals of the day from amazon and it makes shopping really easy.
We are enjoying Alexa a lot! she is funny at times
Alexa is absolutely amazing helps with everyday needs
The Amazon Echo is very easy to set up and is very useful. It is also fun to use. I keep learning new things it can do on a daily basis.
This is a great product. Very easy to use. I would recommend this product to family and friends.
Got the echo as a birthday present and use it everyday. Kids love playing games with it as well
Brought a Echo just to listen to music while i have my morning coffee in my study but find out it so much more absolutely love it sounds good amd its easy to start up
Overall excellent. I just wish the speaker was a bit loader and richer.
Such a great tool. I really enjoy it. Voice control everything. We are still working on adding house automation with it, but its awesome so far.
It is by far the best piece of electronics I have purchased (ok, to an extent). Better than Siri and asking for any song to be played at any moment you are thinking of it is amazing!
We purchased this on the recommendation of our son and daughter-in-law. It was extremely easy to set up and we use it every day. We love the capability of being able to create a shopping list by talking to Echo and then being able to use that list in the store, even without internet access.
The sound is amazing,will do many things like your shopping list,tell jokes and many other things...
This is fantastic! We're finally tapping into the world of "Smart homes". However, with all the different devices, brands and apps it makes controlling all the devices a little bit cumbersome. So you can either get one brand and stick to it... OR... you could get this! The Amazon Echo consolidates and integrates ALL your devices. So now you can control all your devices, regardless of the brand, through the Echo. Also, the voice recognition is top notch.
we use it all the time. it is handy and the kids love to play with it as well. its pretty durable as well. its bounced off the floor a couple times and still works fine
love alexa it is so unique I am enjoying it tremendous
The Amazon ECHO with the dots placed around the house provide the perfect companion with all your daily tasks. I have Echo connected to my Hue lights and EchoBee Thermostats.
Alexa is an incredible asset to our home and she even plays music for our dog when we are not at home.
This is the best!!! I'm in love with Alexa and everything she does!
Simply amazing! Very easy to use and lots of fun. Highly recommend
Bought this for a door prize, very nice features person who won it was very happy
This thing is amazing, I use it to control lights, music, get news/ weather updates!
I love Alexa. I can control my thermostat and all my light switches with her. This product is definitely worth the money.
I love this!! It makes it very easy to listen to music and find topics of interest and places to go.
This is the best product. You can use for so many things and its such an easy tool to have around!
I have had an Amazon Echo since it came out and i Love it. I recently purchased a Google home and found at this moment it is not as good as the Amazon echo I'm sure the Google home Will get better over time but right now Alexa is the best. The sound that comes out of the Amazon Echo is better then the Google home plus you can connect Bluetooth to the echo but not the Google home. This black Friday (2016) I purchased another Echo and a few Echo Dots (Dots are a great price) and i could't be more happy.
I have enjoyed my friend's Echo before and her kids love to talk with Alexa. Decided to purchase one for my own household and as an added perk, it was on sale for the holidays!
I purchased the Amazon Echo for my husband as a birthday gift. He had been eyeing it for quite some time, but it definitely seemed a little steep for what is essentially a Bluetooth speaker. But...oh were we wrong! The Echo is one of the coolest tech products we have ever had. It makes me feel like we are living in some futuristic home. Other than being an excellent Bluetooth speaker (which it is), Alexa sets timers, alarms, streams music through many different apps, tells you the status of your orders on Amazon, etc. We love it so much that we find ourselves searching for other products that pair with Alexa to enable it to do even more for us. We just bought our 7 year old the Echo Dot for his birthday and he absolutely loves asking Alexa questions and playing music. Very unique product and I can't wait to see what new things Alexa can do over time!
It is so much fun. Even helps kids with their spelling homework.
So much fun news weather and music at your voice command
Wife and kids love this thing.plays music with great sound also you can find out about most any with going to my iPhone or iPad. Very convenient
A fun speaker not as nice as Siri however it will do
This product is so easy to set up and use. The sound quality is amazing.
Alexa is great! Some glitches with recognizing voice commands or questions but overall fun.
Having the echo is great, especially for playing music, searching web. Love it!!!!
Love this echo well worth the price. No complaints
This is a great new piece of tech if you are savy with it. If not it takes a while to learn but its follow the steps
I love this thing. It controls my lights (additional components needed). I ask it questions. It gives me traffic and weather...and manages my shopping and to-do lists. I know I'm just only scratching the surface...but so far, I have no complaints.
Bought it for my parents. They love it...buying another for my college daughter
I like this .fun to play . Someone did a great job.!
Love, love, love it! I check all news, weather forecast, listen to music, listen to newspaper/ magazine reviews, buy stuff etc. How did I live without Alexa /Echo?
It has been one of the best things I've seen in its great
This is one of the best purchase I have gotten in the last 7 months. You can ask Alexsa anything and she will give you a correct answer. I have also have the Echo controlling my heating system and lights. A must have in the house.....
This device is great for the home. It plays thousands of songs, provides current news, answers all sorts of questions. Great for my kids to get answers on any subject.
We love our Echo! Easy to use, helpful and doesn't I see up our data plan
Amazon Echo is my new favorite , I love Alexia, sound is great. I use timer in kitchen, making list, checking weather where my loved one's live, and stock market.
I love to ask Alexa a daily joke, she can tell me the weather...the news...love her
Easy to set up and easy to use! And the speaker sounds amazing.
I would recommend to family and friends. I love it.
It is a very good product with great quality. Good
Bonus that I can link my smart home (lights, outlets, thermostat) and have Echo control devices with a voice command.
It is cool.We are in the 21st Century. This the beginning of a whole era of AI technology.
This is amazing for helping you keep track of stuff. Also fun to just talk to Alexa.
Very smart device we enjoy to have it in our livinroom
I bought the echo after reading about it and we love it. It was very easy to set up with our wireless network and everyone one in the house uses it to learn all types of information along with listening to songs.
Love being able to listen to radio stations or music
Alexa works great and I like that she learns as she goes I even got 3 dots to work just like her.
Bought this as gift for my wife. She wasn't sure about it in the beginning but now loves it. She uses it for shopping list and simple searches. She even connected the Christmas lights and uses Alexa to turn them on and off. Always learning about new features and so far we have been happy with each one.
Amazon Echo does a lot of things. Keeps todo and shopping lists for you. Plays music just by asking. Keeps your schedule (using Google Calendar), has some great games, including trivia games. I would buy it again in a second.
This is going to be great fun and practical also. I chose this over the Dot (a smaller version) because I wanted the best audio.
I use my Echo everyday! When I want to listen to music or just one song it will play it. I use it for the kitchen a lot! When I want a kitchen timer it works perfect. We will get a group and play games with the Echo also. It is a great overall addition to a home.
This is the best electronic that I have bought in a longtime I love Alexa by echo I can play Pandora, iheart radio, Amazon music etc... The sound is great and the voice control is a big plus
Works great. Hooked it up to our smart lights. Very convenient and useful
Absolutely love the Echo! So helpful and fun at the same time. Love the voice activation!
I absolutely love my Echo.I greet her in the morning and she greets me back and sometimes has an occasion to talk about.I love that she plays music too.
I received my first echo as a gift and enjoy using it every day. From briefings on news, weather, commute traffic, and access to whatever music I want to hear, the echo has a vast skill library which allows owners to do things like play, learn, entertain, and control household devices like lights and appliances by voice. Abilities far beyond the scope of this review. New skills and products that can be controlled using the echo come along almost daily. I have given the echo to friends, and they have all loved it. It has a real "wow" factor.
This Echo is amazing!! I love waking up and not having to use a remote or get out of bed.. she does a lot.. and the names are perfect Alexa or Amazon.. but it's a great speaker loud..
I love this little gadget. Alexa is fun and informative!. A great addition to the family.
We are wanting to automate our home and purchasing Alexa(Echo) was the first piece to this pie. We do not have any true automation components yet, but I have been using this to listen to music while getting my house decorated for Christmas. It is sooooo easy to use and it understands requests on the first try. I love Alexa and cannot wait to get a few more products to "teach Alexa new skills".
It even does simple math problems. Who needs a calculator when you have Alexa.
This product is amazing.If you are thinking of or are already transitioning to a Smart Home the Echo is a must. It turns the inconvenience of opening different apps to work your home into a one stop station that does it all.Compared to Google Home it currently has more compatible brands, which is really nice because the chances of you buying a product that is not compatible is slim.This product is much better than the Amazon Dot. The Dot is riddled with issues in addition to being less responsive and much more frustrating. I have both in my home, go with the Echo tower.
Hats off to Amazon - The Echo I started with - not have 2 Dots too in the home. Music, alarms, to do list, shopping list and just home automation is awesome! I'm in the 22nd Century now!!!!
I love the Amazon Echo. This is a great product that simplifies the Automation in home.
Alexa is an amazing device. Does more than we thought could do. could not be happier.
This is easy to set up, we love the music and looking up info
You will be amazed by the sound that comes out of this device. So easy to use and the voice activation allows me to change the station even from a distance. We plan on buying another one because our grown son has enjoyed ours so much .
This is s great product. We plan on expanding the smart home aspect.
Great gift for the people who have it all. I gave one to my 80 year old Dad and he loves the wealth of knowledge Alexa has to share. I love my Amazon Echo, especially for the music. Very easy to set up and use.
I bought this for my mother. She loves it. She keeps it in her kitchen to listen to music, news, and audiobooks while she cooks and cleans. She has an Amazon Prime membership, so she has access to their large and diverse music library. She also listens to audiobooks that she's bought on Audible. The Echo can even be used as a timer for cooking!
This is a must for every home. It's the perfect assistant. Can answer any question, plays thousands of songs, easy ordering of items off Amazon.
I first saw the Amazon Echo at a friends house and purchased mine the very next week. It has become quite a conversation piece. My father liked it so much he has requested one for Christmas. I recently bought an Echo compatible smart plug device and love how it works.
We bought this as a gift. The gift receiver said it was easy to set up and works very well and as advertised. It is small enough to fit in any area of the home. It was a good gift choice.
The echo is truly awesome. Alexa is a blast and can answer and do just about anything you ask. The entire family loves it. Weather, sports scores, latest news and ordering pizza. Truly awesome.
this is such a nice tech thing even the kids can operate and nice for the Google challenge
Because of the great reviews I have read on this product, I have purchased 2 for Christmas
Alexa is fantastic, she is helpful, excellent voice recognition, it can help with many tasks. My home is smart because of Alexa. I recommended this product.
Great aesthetic look and performs well. You have to read what Alexa can connect to. Worth buying at Best Buy.
One of the coolest pieces of tech I own !! Playing music on command is just one fun feature of the Amazon Echo, it is capable of so much more.
I wanted a device where we could enjoy in the house as a family and that was simple enough for my wife to feel comfortable with. This exceeded my expectations and is so nice to tell Alexa to play a certain song or playlist. Great sound also!
Iam just in love with my Amazon echo!! Cam straight home and set it up acting with a WeMo device I ourvsed to test out on a lamp. I definitely recommend an amazon house. It makes everyday question so much simpliar!!
I think this is one of the coolest devices on the market. Things I like the most is that you can control all of your smart home devices with the echo.
Great assistant and fun to use. Keeps my shopping list and controls my hue lights.
Awesome product for a great price. Love the rewards program.
I love the jokes and music. It brings my favorite songs with great speaker quality.
Very easy to set up and easy to use for grandkids. Love the ease of use and the amount of information the Echo can be used for
The Echo is a great device to have around the house. Ask questions & Alexa answers.
Easy to use and setup. This product does amazing things..
Alexa is the best, she tells me the news, play my songs and ste the temperature of my home. I'm definitely enjoying the Amazon Echo.
A gift for my elderly mother who complained about not being able to listen to music whenever she wanted. Now she can ask Alexa for just about anything and get an answer.
I love this thing. Works great with wifi enabled smart home products.
Very easy to setup with app. You can get plenty of information and facts. I setup with pandora to play my favorite selections. I bought wemo wifi outlets but not setup yet with echo. Sound of speaker is fabulous. I also bought the dot for the bedrooms.
I love the amazon echo! It has always worked flawlessly for us.
This is my second one. The first one I bought for my daughter for her birthday. Once I saw how it worked I needed one for myself. Still trying to get used to it but I really like it.
Amazing use for many purposes. Ask Alexa to set alarms, play pandora, and weather anytime. Well worth the money. I use it even more than I anticipated.
Love this! Alexa is so cool you feel like you're living in the jettsons
Great product, excellent packaging, easy to use. Works my connected home well, however voice control gets some getting used to.
I bought this about a month ago and absolutely love it.
This has to be one of the best technology purchases I have made. Honestly, I was simply looking for a good quality Bluetooth speaker when I found the Echo.It was around the same price range as the speakers I already had under consideration, but Echo does so much more. I purchased the Lifx lights for my home (wifi connectivity) and control them via Echo. "Alexa turn on the bathroom light" or "Alexa change hall light to blue" I love it. The sound quality for music is fantastic and the Amazon music library is packed full of all of my favorite songs.I also use echo to check the location of my packages, get news and weather updates every morning while I get ready for work and keep an easy to use shopping list. Seriously love this thing.
love this and the prospect of using it with other integrated products like nest.
This product is very helpful in my day to day life as well as entertainment. I love playing a music on Amazon Echo when I am not in mood searching them in youtube.
I love my Echo! It just gets smarter and smarter! Wanting another one for upstairs.
I used the echo and am in love with it. I totally recommend it
Take it out of the box and it is basically ready to assist any questions you throw it way. Lots of fun and a great way for quick information.
Echo was easy to install and start using. I thought I would have difficulty getting it to work. I just plugged it in, downloaded the app and began using it!
What a great product. Fun, helpful and great sound for a speaker. I highly recommend!
This is really cool. 100's of uses. Works flawlessly!!!
Great product. I have two of these and a couple of the POD's. These are great for listening to music, solid built in speaker and the POD with Bose bluetooth speakers is only a slight improvement. I'm already buying two more of these for Christmas gifts
This is a great gift idea for the person who is hard to buy for. Got it for my dad for his birthday and he really loves it. Overall it is a unique item that I would recommend for tech loving or even not tech loving people. It is user friend, just simply talk.
Amazon Echo (aka Alexa) might be the best AI standalone device on the market (yes I know google Home is available now) because she connects to over 50% of my apps (as she has Hundreds of apps connected)...google Home is cool but Alexa is the OG lol
I love the Echo. The speaker is good, and Alexa is very fast and efficient at answering queries and following instructions. I had the Echo less than a month before deciding to get an Echo Dot for my bedroom.
What a great new ffiend... very responsive ,, have alexa handling all my home automation now too .. great add
It's a positive addition to the household. I enjoy having Alexa around the house.
Alexa is the greatest product ever I use it around the house all of the time
Still learning all the things it can do but solo it is a nice quick answer system and music player. I now have mine hooked to HUE lights, Honeywell Thermostat, and a Belkin outlet with a heater. Nice to have Alexa turn on my kitchen lights when I'm running in groceries.
Purchased this on cyber Monday and it was worth it. Alexa is my new best friend.
Amazon Echo is easy to use and provides a fun aspect to its application. Am looking forward to expanding to its use with home smart devices. Only downside is with a grandchild named Alexis, not being able to rename is a bit problematic.
The smart home integration in this device is amazing! Great sounding speaker with a full, rich sound. Voice recognition is very good...could hear me from across the room with no problem.
The Amazon Echo is a great addition to any home. It is a wealth of information and can be linked to other devices in your home for home automation. The echo even helps my kids with their homework.
Great for adults and kids!!! No need to be tech savvy with the Echo. Works Great and easy to use!!!!
I bought is item as a family Christmas gift. It gave it to them early. My children absolutely love it and it was perfect for my wife. I've shared my experience with a few friends and they've bought on.
If you are considering picking up an Echo I would also consider picking some Hue Lightbulbs so you can control your light with your voice. I would also suggest using IFTTT to get the most out of your echo, especially if you have other smart devices currently being used in your home. Couldn't be happier with my Echo :)
Better than I even thought it would be. Such a great purchase, I bought one for my parents.
something that will get very useful as time goes by, well made, and works great!!!!!!!
We don't have the fancy tv or lights alexa can control. But, we love the music, weather, adding stuff to our lists and calendar. There are a few games my husband plays --jeopardy, magic door, etc. The trivia and daily news are also awesome.
I have been using this for awhile and it definitely meets my expectations. It sounds great. It works all my lights.
Alexa is cool and works great. Speaker sounds good and has great options.
Easy set up and usage! Great fun for all in the house! Got one for myself and one as a gift. Great for any age. Highly recommend
I got this as as gift and I am so happy with it. It is like having music on demand and so much more. Thanks honey
I am building out a relatively large, advanced smart home and it was only natural to integrate voice assistant features to the mix. I use the Echo to control Phillips Hus lights and even my Schlage lock. Every morning I wake up and get news and weather from Alexa as I'm getting ready. What a wonderful product.
Got it for the sole purpose of controlling my home lighting. Works perfect!
Family is having fun using ECHO. We use it as an alarm, for time, music, weather and getting answers to some of our questions.
Set up was easy. Alexa so far has been on target and extremely helpful.
Love love it .works for me it's my best friend in my head.
This is a great product! Our family loves the convenience of asking questions on the go!
Incredibly awesome device. Signed up with Amazon music and I've been jamming nonstop.
I really love the Echo. I actually bought it to listen to music but I use it for many other things.
Really enjoy my echo. Great sound fun to use and stylist
I'm using the Echo and Samsung's hub as the centerpieces of my home automation system. Since buying the Echo I've also added several Dots to build out the system. It's a lot of fun to work with.
This is one cool item. It doesn't take up a lot of space, has a great sound and is like having a personal assistant.
The echo is great. It can run smart home products and play music.
alexa is a great gift have given to family and friends always a great feedback
This probably the most amazing electronic device I have in the home. Only thing that would make it better was if I could connect it to sound bar for a little better sound but this thing will answer almost anything. Well worth the money. Everyone should have at least one - we have 2 now and will buy more.
This is a great gift for anyone that loves technology. Great to listen to music, news, radio or for reference.
have not used it yet but excited to try it, looks like it would be fun!
The Echo is awesome! I purchased this with the intention of controlling my Hue Lights through voice however it has much more features than expected. My wife now turns it on daily for iHeart Radio. I purchased this almost 1 month ago and I'm still discovering new things with it. The only issue is there is no Plex app however I'm sure one is in the works soon.
While comparing to other competitive products the Echo appeared to be the best. Purchased as a gift for a family memeber.
Love this device would definitely recommend love it
Love the Echo. Interface with Amazon Music is a great feature, and the application on my phone or kindle makes it easy to manage information or control the music. We use it mostly to listen to the radio or music library. Grand Daughter loves it because it will play whatever she asks (which is always Frozen Soundtrack).
This was purchased to have a second Echo in the house. The first one I have was placed in the living/kitchen area, as I use it to play music, add notes (a lot of items to my shopping lists) and appointments/reminders to my calendar. I love having a second Echo in the bedroom to give me the news brief in the morning, give me a status of the traffic and weather conditions, play music, etc. I've noticed a lot of imitations popping up by different companies, however, Echo is the best and has become an integral part of our house and lives. It sounds dramatic, but it's definitely true. Amazon constantly updates and adds new abilities/features. The ability to link it to lights, thermostat, etc. let's me think we are keeping up with the Jetsons! Highly recommend buying an Echo!
I love the Amazon Echo! I am using it everyday from turning on/off the lights, to listening to music, to sending me reminders. It is a must have!
We received this as a gift and questioned its usefulness. After setup we feel in love with it. It is both fun and useful.
having fun with it would tell a friend to try this one great sound
I love it. Does everything I like. The daily joke is also a nice feature. Weather is up to date
Bought as a Christmas gift, everything seems great.
Buy it!! I can whisper from across the room and it understands perfectly. The speaker is great too!
Very good product. So far working so good. Would recommend
This is an amazing product. Enjoying it very much.
I haven't hooked it up yet, but i have herd nothing but great things about it.
This incredible "gadget" does so many things it's hard to quantify. Just ask for weather, news, music, traffic...you name it. Plus, lots of fun interacting. Will put a smile on your face!
We love our new echo. Strong sound quality. Weather updates, alarm, internet details, and easy to use.
She works great. We have enjoyed trying different questions.
Love this device. It is so much fun to use. I listen to music including 60's classics. Get weather report, traffic report, late breaking news. I can control my lighting with Echo.
My wife loves it and it's a lot of fun. The music is great and it's amazing how much Alexa understands.
The Echo is everything expected. Lots of fun asking questions and quite handy being that hubby is full of them.
We love having the echo in our home. Was going to be a Christmas present but we couldn't wait to use it. We like it so much we even took it on vacation with us. The shopping app is great. Jokes are pretty funny. She's great at history and I never miss my morning report!
I never thought I'd use the echo nearly as much as I do. It controls our lifx lights, tv with a harmony, light switches by wemu, and connects to our vivint security system. I love it. It's really cool. I bought one for my brother.
We love it! So much fun for everyone in the family! We happen to have The Nest thermostat after a few try's I figured it out! Played some of the skills with my Grandkids it as just great fun!
Portability is important to me. Really like the ease in using the echo.
I am very happy with the echo. We use it and listen to it daily
We Love our Alexa, she keeps all of our appointments and plays great music and keeps us up to date on weather and news.
One of the best new products today. It is like a assistant to answer all your questions.
Love my red Otter Box! RTR! Protects my phone every time I drop it on the ground!
I wanted one for Christmas and wasn't sure whether to purchase the echo or google home. I am very satisfied. We went to our daughters house and she had a dot, loved it all weekend that on our trip home we stopped off at best buy and purchased the echo . Loved it so much I ordered two echos for friends
I wanted the Amazon Echo since last year, just waited for it to go on sale. I am still learning, but I love asking Alexa to turn on my music from Pandora...it is great. Ordered the dot for my bedroom, should be in soon...
This is awesome and very fun to have, even our grandkids request songs and they are 6 and 3
Such an amazing product. Sounds great and works perfect.
Echo is a great price of tech for the household. From playing music, controlling outdoor lights to answering numerous questions the kids have. So much Echo can do and they keep adding "skills" which are apps for it. No Brainer!!
Perfect for our family. Everyone can use it! We use it everyday!
I bought this for myself for Christmas and we've been using it listening to holiday favorites station it is very nice and it sounds great
We love our Amazon Echo so much we went back and bought one for our daughter for this upcoming Christmas! Ordered a dimmer smart switch along with a Samsung smart things hub. This is a awesome device and is always learning. Can't wait to use it more to its full potential.
Very good product, clear sound, unique shape, good connection
I'm not normally a techie person, but I read so many positive things about Amazon's Echo and Alexa, I splurged and gave it a try. I absolutely love it! Of course asking questions about traffic, weather, recipes, etc. can be a blast, but I have to admit that my favorite part is being able to request any type of music I'm in the mood for, and even change my mind a few minutes later, without having to sort through CD's or putz around with the various 'plays' or radio stations on my phone or laptop. Definitely a gadget worth the money!!
I liked it so much I bought a couple as gifts and everyone loves them. Easy for adults and kids to use. Helpful and entertaining
I love to give my friends and family Echo's. Now, I can give them a white one. This is my most favorite gift of all time.
Right out of the box Alexa performance is outstanding and so easy to setup. 5stars
Amazon Echo is i great device to assist in home automation. I use it to turn on lights, arm my security camera and set thermostats. Also great with Amazon Prime for music.
Can't wait to pair with smart items, a little large but ok
I love this product. My wife was not too happy at first because I placed in our bedroom. Now she loves it as she can listen to music when she is putting on her make up in the mornings.
This is actually really cool - great for parties... Surprisingly, Amazon was out of stock, but Best Buy came through!
Alexa makes it easy to add a soundtrack to your life. Just tell her what to play as you prepare dinner and then change it for your romantic meal; no need to stop what you are doing. She will even give you equivalents as you adapt a recipe, tell you a joke, or read an audiobook.
What a great product! Easy to set up and a great "assistant"!
Bought this so my wife could listen to music without dragging a cell phone around. She was sceptical for a couple minutes until it was set up. Now she just loves her new Echo and uses it for all kinds of tasks.
Amazon Echo, a great purchase for my home, play music, good home automation, and easy setup. Don't delay, purchase today!
At first she was being stubborn and wasn't giving me my answers but after reading how to ask she has been fine. will always try to get you to buy into Amazon Music and such but I just say no.
Got this for my wife for Christmas I think she will love it great value for price
My kids have these and love them. I may have to get one for myself
Saw this on TV decided to look into it purchased it and loved it
Love my new Echo. Ask it questions...get the answers. Want music...tell it and you get it. Sound is really good and listening to my voice is very good.
This is a good buy with the recent drop in price. Despite that I love how well it works. The voice recognition of the Echo is pretty good and I love the many questions you can ask it and the responses it gives you.
Love it! Alexa is Amazing! It is user friendly without touching the speaker.
My wife wanted this for her birthday. She loves it! Speakers could be better, but a great device for fun and information!
I love this so much, I bought two! Also bought one for my parents. It is really easy to start up. Walks you right through the install process. I highly recommend.
I love it. So easy to set up. Works with all my Amazon apps like Audible. Learning something new about it every day. Especially like using it for music. Totally happy with the item and purchase!
Got this for the wife for x-mass does a lot of cool stuff she love it does every thing she wants and more
easy to be understood and the color is a nice arctic white
my family and i really love alexa, she works great and doubles as an assistant and a wireless speaker, I cant wait till she learns more commands
Great product for all members of the family to have fun with
This is a Christmas gift. Hiwever it did come recommended
You will have a lot of fun playing with echo during the holidays
Echo is a great , it can answer all questions and issues you may have . Great for homework.
Just simply amazing, I really enjoy it. Very impress with the sound, speaker, volume, and its other great capabilities.
This was a gift for my sister and she love it she going purchase one for her daughter
It has good sound and can pick up my voice in a normal speaking tone.
Love it! I use it for weather, Pandora, you can play games and ask it recipes. It's great.
I'm setting up a smart home and the Amazon Echo is the starting point and it's so easy to use
Love the sound quality and knowledge of ALEXA. The whole family really likes the way you ask Alexa questions and the answers she gives!. The choice of music knows no end. We play games and listen to the music day in and day out. Really love the Echo!
My echo is great! Great for entertaining. We put it in a large room and it easily fills it with sound!
Really like this device helpful and fun. We like the accurate data and the fun skills. Can't wait to connect our lights
Alexa turns out to be a great source of local information as you're waking up getting breakfast ready, has a great library of songs just for the asking. The gift that you'd pick for yourself.
Awesome! Love it! It was delivered very fast. Would recommend
Absolutely love my Echo, from helping with our shopping list, listening to music, checking the daily weather and news, to just telling the occasional joke. You will find yourself talking to Alexa every day! It's a life changer!
I would recommend this product. It is very user friendly, It is useful for the entire family. I am not familiar with other products like the google home but I would like to bet this is way better.
This is one of the first products that I have purchased that works better than promised, It integrates with just about all home automation and is a great source of news and local information. It is so easy to use my wife even uses it....
Took sometime to learn all the things it can do. Very easy to set up.
Overall I love it. Alexa Doesn't find all songs but for the most she will get them.
Speakers give off Great Sound. And my kids love it.
Best then Siri. This is my 3rd purchase. Got a dot and a tap as well. And they all working inside the same house in different rooms.
I love this thing: it's the perfect addition to my IOT smart home devices!
Hi Alexa who is the best team in the NFL? Alexa's response, that is the Green Bay Packers!!
Easy set up, great for music streaming. This is my 2nd Echo, got last one thanksgiving sale, so happy I did.
Alea echo is hands down the best smart device manager I've ever owned.
I absolutely love, love, love my echo!! Simple to set up, great sound quality.
The google note is a lot fun and it has a lot of built in knowledge.
Bought 4 of them for gifts and 1 for myself. Everyone loved them. Found it easy to install with directions supplied.
Everyone in the family can enjoy asking Alexa questions. Where it doesn't know everything it does seem to get better. The skills available are fairly diverse and useful. This is a good place to start if you are interested in having a smart home. I bought the echo and the dot with the battery pack.
this is a great little Toyota to have. the speaker sounds great
Great overall with multipurpose functions and good sound reproduction
Love waking up in the morning & easily getting my calendar & the weather from Alexa. Then I can tell Alexa to play my fav morning radio station. In the evenings, she helps me cook with measurement conversions & we play daily Jeopardy:). And I keep discovering more that we can do with this fun device!
Good features alexa integrates very well into daily lives also speaker sound is quite good
This thing is super fun to play with. Its amazing how microsoft, apple, or google didn't come out with something like this before Amazon of all companies did. Works incredibly well
Love the Echo. Alexa is my new favorite gadget. Can't wait to update the house
best little item that's been out, compact and fun to use..
I love this thing so much it plays pandora non stop and answers all my questions.
Echo is great, I love that I can just say play my music, or play Christmas music or what's the weather,
Love this speaker. The quality is great for the price.
This item works great!Great speaker sound & works great with voice commands .
This product is a great addition to our house and for the entire family. Placing us further in the technology driven world
When I purchased it, I was skeptical about the voice recognition. but Echo is great. This product will be a break thru for lot of other home automatons to come in the future. must try.
Music and timers, jokes and light controls, at first it seems like a might be nice to have and then you realize just how much it really can do and you need it...
good and helpfull i like it get it its good my kids love it
Great way to get info quickly and it's so easy to use
Great product! Amazon prime music is at my disposal at allTimes. The skills are sweet. Totally worth the money.
This thing is great it not only plays music but you can tell her what grocerys you need & she will add them to a list & email them to you in real time.
Got this as an early Christmas present. The sound it pretty good for a small speaker. We now have Echo controlling the lights, furnace and the A/V system. Set up is easy.
What a time we live in...Jetsons are real, this is a must have.
The Echo was very easy to set up and use. My wife has this set up in our living room and the sound is incredible. We use it for party's and plan to use for Christmas
I love playing classic rock and that plays it great.
I had been looking into getting an Amazon device, and I was torn between the Echo and the Dot. I ended up getting the Echo and it has not disappointed! The sound from it is a very nice quality and I love asking Alexa to turn on the lights (you have to purchase other things to do this), play music, what the weather is like, etc. Overall a great purchase!
I love Alexa!!! Music, books, facts, games,christmas stories!!! Giving as gifts also!!!
I was skeptical about this at first. Once I learned how useful the scores to further expand the capabilities of my Amazon prime membership, I was quite impressed. Her responses are very prompt and accurate. I look forward to adding on bills and whistles using Alexa turn on and off lights in the house or setting the temperature by speaking a command.
The Echo with Alexa enabled is an excellent personal entertainment system. She is quite intuitive and always learning. Highly recommended.
This Echo worls well with my Velop wifi system. I plan to use it with automated home smart appliances. Over all it has worked great so far!!!
Alexa is always available to answer questions or play my favorite music.
Works great. Easy to set up. Use with app on Iphone, Bought plug for lamp and use it to turn off and on even when not home.Speakers are excellent. Picks up voice even from far away. I recommend this product.
Alexa enable Amazon eco is awesome voice command device and great sound quality
Echo is my favorite music device. Great sound and look.
Extremely easy to set up using the Alexa app on your phone. Outstanding voice recognition. Was able to be in a different room of my house and still be able to command it. Great speaker quality as well!
This is a really great product if youre looking to start your smart home.Obviously this works best if you have an amazon prime account, and even better if you subscribe to a few streaming services. You can still stream plenty of free stuff as well.
I love that my kids enjoy talking & interacting with Alexa. There are many games & activities my kids can enjoy with Alexa with her many skills.
Great for playing music and keeping lists. Have not tried all the fancy reorder item feature, but Alexa's features keep expanding, so the possibilities are constantly expanding.
i love it just dont waste your money to pay for geek squad to install it, it takes less than 5 min and it basically installs itself
The echo is a nice product and many options are with it
So Alexa is pretty awesome. I have Sirius XM and can stream Howard Stern while working at home. She can set my Sensi thermostat, tell me the weather, news and much more that is updated daily.Will enjoy the features for a long time.
small and looks good on end table, good sound, wireless is great
The product is great for easy no hands control of music. The speaker is loud enough to replace many Bluetooth speakers.
I am really happy with my Echo. So far it has been very easy to use, although we havent completely figured out all the functions. It was fairly easy to set up.
Alexa makes everything easy! This was the best purchase ever!
Alexa is quick and intelligent. She can hear you from way farther than I expected. Music and audio sound great as well.
I had my first Echo for about a year before taking it out the box. I set it up in my bedroom and it is a nice additional to all the other electronics I have. I purchase a second Echo for my living room area as an entertainment device to play games.
Useful around the house, put it in the kitchen and can use it for timers, reminders, asking for sports scores (faster than changing the channel on the TV and checking myself). "Tell me a joke" is usually pretty good, too.Now looking into connecting other things to it, like light switches, etc.
the amazon dot with alexa was the hit of the day at my back yard bbq. the over the hill group had a blast requesting oldies from our days of youth. music from all genres was available from the 50's up to today's country hits. we also enjoyed bantering with alexa from time to time.
Great sound, very informative.. very capable machine
I love everything about it I really enjoy it I use it alot
Facinating product. A genius of a marketing tool for Amazon. Having a great deal of fun using Alexa.
Fun, entertaining and useful. Wish the functionality was a bit more robust however amazon is making great progress with constant updates.
After experimenting for several months with an Echo Dot, I decided to take the plunge when the Echo showed up online at a deep discount. Like the Dot, setup was easy. Sound quality is awesome. Sometimes it works too good as it listens to everything all the time. Its going to be fun to use just the same.
It's great. I am an apple and amazon user, and it works for many devices that are not (yet) compatible with apple products.
The Amazon Echo is a terrific tech addition. These devices work off your router and the vast variety of information and radio stations makes the Echo a versatile item to have.
one of the best products I have purchased. great sound
This is my second echo that I've purchased and I love this thing. I use it for my garage when working in it and I can just yell out what I want to listen to. With xm radio integration it is even better.
The Echo is working with no problems and we are still learning new ways and ideas to ask questions about everything and anything. Pleased with the purchase and quality.
Initially bought the Amazon Echo Dot liked it. It was fun and entertaining. Sound was not bad for a small unit. But upgraded to Echo Touch, sound was much better quality. Then upped it again to Echo. We gave our Dot to our daughter. But kept the Echo Touch to pair it the Echo, so we can hear same music in multiple rooms, or Living Room and one outside patio, etc., Works great that way. We also have the Bose 20 Wifi and Sound link Mini. Can't beat Bose Sound, but they need to address some technical issue, i.e. cannot pair those two together? Yuh, really !
This is our second Echo, and a 4th Dot. Really love Echo and now have a Dot at the office. Easy to set up. I use it for news briefings, calendar, and music. Will be trying some new features...like messaging and Fitbit.
This is really the best one on the market. I was lucky to get such a good price at Best Buy! Thanks!
I can't believe how well the far field microphones work. It can hear me over music, TV, or noise from our kids. It's been a great addition.
Fun for the kids to ask it questions. Their having fun with it.
The echo sounds great music fills up the room. Makes life easier answers your questions turns lights on and off weather news her skills are endless. I love it
The echo is a great addition to our household. We love it so much we give them as gifts to our friends who don't already have it!!
Great to have, very friendly and easy to use, my daughter uses it to check her math problems, and any silly question she has Alexa has an answer...
I'm really enjoying my Echo. There are so many things it can do. You can create a shopping list, ask for the weather, play music, just to name a few. The sound quality is pretty good also.
Alexa can do almost everything & is constantly learning & that's just the app. The echo itself is fantastic speaker when player music. It's almost lifelike & is seems to be like the Star Trek shipboard computer. Its great for the kids of any age to help with homework. Its great to take notes, create shopping list, music, or questions of any kind. In fact it'sgreat for most anything... It's simply awesome
I have been watching the reviews online and checking with friends that have purchased the Echo to see how much they liked or disliked its features. Last person I talked to went on and on about all the things there were using it for and that persuaded me it was time and Best Buy had them on sale so it was the perfect opportunity to go for it. Amazon did a fantastic job of creating this tubular command center! There are so many cool and awesome things its able to do that I'll hit the highlights that work for our household. First, we love that it follows your voice in the room (the circle lighting will show which direction it is 'listening'), the speaker is wonderfully balanced, so whether listening to music, the news or to Alexa speaking, I have nothing but high marks for its sound quality, given its size. Next, set up (after downloading the app to our iPhones) was quick, easy and very intuitive. The more you look over the app, the more you will realize a world of 'skills' (as Amazon refers to them - we've nicked named them "echolettes" LOL) that the unit is able to perform once they are turned on and you master the right sequence of keywords to initialize them. We've added things to shopping lists, while asking about the weather and our calendar of events
It is very high quality device. It is easy to set up and very easy to operate. It is a lot of fun.
I just love my echo , controls my Hue lights just so easy to use.
I have an Echo or an Echo Dot in almost every room in my house! The Echo has incredible sound for such a small device. The Echo Dot is not that hot as a speaker, but both of them work great for controlling your other smart home devices. I personally have it set up to control my Hue lights, my Schlage Connect lock (with a Wink Hub), and my Logitech Harmony Hub to control my entertainment system! Fantastic buy!
Alexa is great. Able to listen to xm radio no problem.
I love being able to tell Alexa to turn off the lights when I have forgotten to turn them off.
Not an exact fit in our house , but an excellent speaker . Worth learning to use .
This is awesome and I love it. I would definitely recommend it to friends and family
I saw this on sale and used points so it cost me $49 haha suckered who pay 160 anyway it works awesome and sets up in a few mins on sale for $100
Bought for my husbands birthday but I really wanted for my self. It's fantastic!
This has been great buy. Two friends liked ours and bought one
Love this! It has added such simplification to my daily routine! I can update my grocery list on the fly. My daughter loves to ask questions that assist her with her homework, etc. And the fact that we love to jam out and listen to music all the time, this is rockin cool! Altogether, it was a great purchase! And since I got it on sale, that makes it even better!
Amazon Echo is the best voice command device for everyone in the family
Now with multiroom syncing available, I love it even more.
Love my Echo. Alexa is fun to talk to and play with.
Perfect for the bathroom, we love it! We have about 6 Alexa's in the house now and planning on sticking with this AI.
I have two echo dots and two other echoes and I love them! It's convenient, looks great and sounds great. Got my last two echoes for a great price!
Great product if you are looking for Alexa or a speaker for listening to music. Sleek design, great features, but I was pleasantly surprised with the sound quality this unit provides as well.
Bought this as a gift for my family, mainly to play music from Amazon. Very pleased with how easy it is to set up and use.
The device was easy to operate and met all my expectations.
I absolutely love my Amazon Echo. I purchased the Echo Dot for a second room!! I love to play "old school" music and it has found some really fantastic music. Very helpful in answering most questions. I have so much more I am planning to do once I learn more!
was easy to set up, easy to use somethings are limited like music unless you have a prime account, like music, however I did find out you can use pandora or music saved on your phone. Overall a great product still learning new stuff everyday.
We use Alexa every day and it is fun to try new things.
Love listening to a variety of music. Alarm setting is great
The echo is so much fun! I have added 2 echo dots also & the Philips Hue lighting system. I love it!
Works as advertised very happy with my purchase controls my Hue Philips lights my light strip
having a lot of fun teaching alexa and also learning a lot of new facts
This was such an awesome purchase. I'm constantly asking her to play different music, sending messages, set timers and even use her just as a speaker for my iPad. She even has learned the music I like and makes suggestions. I plan on purchasing the additions for light switches to utilize it even more.
Product works as advertised. Setup is easy with Alexa mo Ike app for initial configuration. Speaker is perfect for streaming.
Amazon makes great products. The echo controls my smart home and is easy to use and set up. They're always adding new features and I would recommend it.
I bought this because a couple of my friends have it. Mine is in the kitchen and I use it all the time. Love that I can ask Alexa to play a certain artist or genre. Super easy to set up and use!
We are really happy we purchased our "Echo", we really enjoy simply asking Alexa questions, and the music selection is great. We simply say Alexa, play a Dean Martin song, and here it comes, if it is something we really like we simply say Alexa, a little louder. It is a lot of fun with a small investment, and Best Buy is the place to purchase.
Easy to use and set up. Been having a lot of fun with it.
I bought for my son, and he loves it. In his home they use it daily. Great gift for him and his family.
It is actually very fun and useful. Music information and helpful.
This is my second Echo that I use mostly as a Bluetooth speaker for a PC.Great sound quality for the price.
With echo's all being able to be linked, this is incredible to have in all rooms. Great sound.
Got this for my living room for my kids to interact with. They love asking Alexa questions and the price was great for what it does. Also have a few Dots and hoping to be able to join all speakers as one in the future
Once the drop in feature came around I knew it was time to get an echo for most rooms of the house. They serve as an intercom, and we can listen to music and ask questions. It's great.
Echo is very impressive. Unlimited entertainment. and is pretty decent speaker for music, spotify premium is awesome to use with it.
With some technical savvy, you can quickly have the core of home automation installed and grow over time. The link to my Amazon Prime account gives me access to some 2M songs. I can control lights and temperature via links to my Nest thermostat and Philip Hue.
Great product and fun to use. We find new ways to use our Echo everyday.
We love the Amazon Echo! The speakers sound great and it's so easy to ask for Alexa to play my music when I'm cooking, cleaning, etc. It's fun discovering all of the things she can do. We can't wait to get another one (or two.)
I was hesitant at first to purchase the echo bec of my experience with the Apple Siri. But I asked around from people who has it and I got good reviews. Alexa is always there to answer me, quick response and could understand even people with accent.Great product specially at the price I got..
I love this product! My home automation is wonderful to be controlled by voice.
The Amazon Echo is a great device to use for listening to audible books or music, recording a shopping list and controlling other smart devices in the house.
I bought this to put in my room to use with prime music. Works great, Alexa is way smarter than Siri. With the Alexa app or another echo device you can drop in and use as intercom.
I love Alexa, she's amazing...She does everything I ask her, she wakes me up, play my playlist from Amazon Unlimited Music perfectly. I like it so much, I bought my fiance one. Thanks for the amazing product Amazon.
This device has added to our families ability to be better organized. As well as the great entertainment value it has added to our family. It also has allowed me to explore new music that I wouldn't normally listen to at any given time. Thanks
My second Alexa, easy to set up and simple to use. Very pleased with purchase.
I am very happy with my echo. I use it to play music while I workout and clean. It's also very help when I'm trying to put my 15 month to sleep. You can do some much without touching it. Love it
Really love the Echo. Have not learned how to use all the features, but really enjoy the ease of getting the music to play.
I love my Amazon Echo and have already purchased a 2nd one for me and 3 more to give as gifts. The sound is great and it's so easy to learn to use. We love the versatility of playing music, setting timers and alarms, giving me the latest sports scores of my favorite teams, and making shopping and To Do lists to share between us.
I love Alexa! This product is very versatile. It fills the room with sound.
I debated on getting Alexa for a while now and I'm actually sad that I did, this is a fun tool to have. I love being able to access Sirius XM on it in the mornings. It's easy to set-up and takes maybe 5 minutes. Must have if you are creating a smart house, which I am.
Have this device set up in my kitchen area. I use it to control my back porch lights, play music through bluetooth, keep a timer when grilling, etc. Very versatile device that allows you to do something cool things when paired with wifi plugs and other things.
I bought the Amazon Echo as a gift for my wife for Mother's Day and she's used it everyday since. My kids utilize the 'Simon Says' game and it also serves as a great music player.
We were given our first Echo as a Christmas present last year and since then, we have purchased a Echo Dot for our guest room and this 2nd Echo for our Master Bedroom. The sound quality is terrific and we love the convenience of getting quick questions answered, listening to music and being able to stop/start at will, and the overall memory capability of the Echo. We purchased two and will give the 2nd one to a relative for their Christmas present!
The Amazon Echo does & is doing what it's supposed too. Works great
I bought a couple of dots first since I wasn't sure I wanted to spend the money. We enjoyed the dots so much, I bought us an Echo. The speakers are so much better on the Echo than on the Dots, which I already knew from reviews. I have it in my kitchen and can listen to all kinds of music while I am cooking. Echo will tell you jokes, news and weather as well.Very happy with this purchase.
They make the perfect gift. I give them out to my customers every year.
I love this adult toy with some serious "can do" abilities. We have one at work, so I purchased one for home. My son loved it so much, I bought him one to take to college with him. Now we can send message to each other just by asking Alexa to send a message. It can do so much more, and very easy to set up.
Alexa is as smart as you program her to be. Nice sound when linked to music sources.
If you are looking to start r add to your smart home, the echo is great!
Very nice and efficient gadget that is so user friendly that even our young kids love to use
Echo is learning everyday and its uses daily, i use it in place of a speaker and connect my phone to it.
Echo is learning everyday and its uses daily, the fact that's it Bluetooth is awesome.
Excellent product. It's well worth the money. I have my system linked to my Iris Security System
This is our 2nd Amazon Echo already. We got the black in in our living room & this on outlr master's bedroom. They are amazing products!
This is my 2nd Echo, and I also have two of the smaller Dots. Amazon has now enabled multi-room music playing, with all your speakers that you've designated perfectly synced with each other. It also serves as a good quality Bluetooth speaker so you can use it with any other app on your device for sound. I also use it to control my connected lights and can even operate my entertainment system through a logitech hub. And, the voice assistant Alexa is just getting smarter and smarter with every passing month. Get it on sale when it's under 100 dollars and it makes one of the most useful electronics purchases you could make!
Now a device that is expandable and everyone in the house can use it. Works smooth. I am going to expand additional devices with this now.
The Echo does everything it is advertised to do. Mine does things without a hitch that others have a problem with. Mine does lighting through my alarm system in a few simple steps. Works great!
Set up directions could have been more detailed. Works fine with Sirius XM.
Amazon's voice-activated smart home speaker is undeniably futuristic, but it's also practical and accessible. With a rapidly growing slate of features, integrations and use cases, it's easy to get excited about the Echo's potential.
I love my echo. I know that some of you will be saying what do I really need this for but once you have it you will use it and love it.
love these so much we now have 4 Echo (Kitchen, living room, basement and outdoor area) and 2 Dots for bedrooms. Now that they can play everywhere together it's great going from one room to another with music playing in all rooms when we are entertaining. Highly recommend!
I have been playing with Echo for a couple of weeks. Its well worth the price want to hear a special song just tell the Echo bang she played it, sports scores you name it she got the answer.
Love it! Glad I got the one with voice command. Don't have extra speakers so this works better than the dot for me.
I love it so far, no problems, easy setup and lots of skills to add on. Plan on using it extensively with home automation.
Family loves it. Kids use it to play favorite songs, we have it hooked up to lights and there is much more it can do.
I really like the way my account gets point for how cool the purchase was!
Helps grand daughter with proper pronounciation of lots of words and names.
The Amazon Echo is a fun item to have around the house. It is amazing what you can ask it. The possibilities are endless.
This is fun to use. I'm not good with electronics but decided to try this to help organize my life and it does the job.
Love my Amazon Echo, the white looks good in my kitchen. Great speakers, play music all the time. Use the timer feature daily, also alarm ,shopping lists, and reminders. Wish I had one in every room!!!
I didn't know how much I would love this ...but I use it everyday.
I love my Echo and the ease in using it. I may buy another one.
With skills too numerous to count, and more being added all of the time, the Amazon Echo is the most useful and used electronic in my house. The sound quality is excellent. Alexa always answers when I call, does what I ask, is always pleasant, and never asks for money! My new best friend!
This is my second Echo and I also have purchased 2 of the small ones. They are great and will buy more for gifts this Christmas.
Love Alexa! She is very informative and works my lights and plays my favorite music!! I highly recommend this to everyone!
Alexa is a great addition to the household. Very user friendly and so many questions/commands to be used.
I could not be happier with the functionality of Alexa. She also has a great sense of humor.
They make the perfect gift. I give them out to may customers every year.
One of the best purchases I have bought. I love this speaker and all the things it can do
I wasn't sure if I needed this, since I heard some are good some are not worth it if you own a smart phone! But, I bought one anyway! I now own two Alexa's. One for the living room and one for my bedroom. I love the simplicity of having two!!
Our entire family is loving the Echo, easy to use, very smart, and sounds great..
Just as advertised. Bought two units for different areas.
Can be educational and lots of fun too. A variety of uses for Alexa.
This is the best assistant on the market. Voice recognition is great.
I love it! It's simple and easy! I love how you can take anywhere and Alexa listens to you right away!
I loved the amazon echo. Been wanting one since it came out and broke down and got it. Great choice
I love my Alexa! I renamed her Computer because of Star Trek. We have so much fun listening to music, playing games and telling her to clean the house with our Neato botvac or turn on the sprinklers with our Rachio irrigation controller. As we learn more cool things this personal assistant can do the happier I am we purchased one. We like it so much we purchased another for our bedroom and a Dot for our daughters room. They work together as an intercom system too so no more yelling for one another or texting, admit it, you do it too, we can now just drop in and talk to one another. I am planning to continue purchasing items that Alexa can control and look forward to the advancement in personal assistant technology. So many things she can do already!!! I highly recommend getting 1 or 2 or 3!!!
Love the Echo so much. It really answers your questions, love the skills, and love the music.
Don't know what took me so long to try this out. Easy set up, many skills to choose from and has not failed me. I just set the calendar up and loving that along with how well Alexa integrated with my two WEMO mini plugs. I purchased a second one a week later. The sound is amazing.
I love this Echo. I can get football schedules and scores in a matter of seconds! I also use it to stream my SiriusXM radio, play relaxing meditations and music, and play games. I even had it sing "Happy Birthday" to my mom. Definitely a great purchase.
Makes a great smart home addition as it links to smart thermostats, lights, etc. Very informative and the different add ons are amazing! Highly recommended.
Works pretty good. Hey Alexa, whats this whats that. I love it.
This was on sale for an awesome price that I could not pass up. I already have a black one definitely a must buy.
A friend and my neighbors have Echo Dot. After talking with them, I purchased one and am very pleased with it. Especially, I like being able to listen to my favorite local radio stations, as well as Sirius/XM. The sound quality is excellent.
Thought it would be fun to have one after reading the reviews. My alarm clock went south and I was shopping for a new one. Echo is a GR8 alarm clock GR8 timer + all the other amazing things it can do. It's just fun!! I have 2 Echos and 1 Echo Dot when I say play everywhere the whole house is full of music of my choice!
Echo is awesome. I now have two echos and one dot. Works great with my home automation. Actually has pretty good sound.
I really enjoy my Amazon Echo. Not only does it play my music, I use it for home automation (wireless) and can make phone calls to friends that also have Alexa. One Echo was not enough so I purchased additional Echos for different rooms.
Love my ECHO . Listening to my favorite station is great . It has a great sound.
It was easy set up. Really love the Echo and the quality of sound.
Its a great thing to get all the information I want really quickly and easy. I love my Alexa!!!!!!!
The echo works great. Every Day I find out more things to use it for.The sound is great for the size. I bought another one for the garage.
we wanted to have echo to join our Alexa experience and also to help out with our grandchildren as they love soothing music as well as enjoy talking with Alexa. Love the design and white color of the unit.
Bought as gift and have been very satisfiedGood sound and wonderful life aid
This is the 5th Echo I have purchased, one for myself and the other 4 were gifts. The sound is awesome, does all the research for you. My grandson actually uses is when doing his homework. It's also great to use when having parties. One of my best purchases.
Echo will read a book, play music, tell me a joke and work remotely to turn on a light at home while I'm out of the house.
Loves it. Best thing ever. Works amazing with my Hue Lights.
So Good had to buy another one. This is the second echo I have idecided to put one in the master bedroom as well as the main house great decision
Just say Alexa and what you want her to do and she does it. Yes sometimes if there is some noise or if you don't speak clearly she might get it wrong but most of the time she gets it right. My only flaw with Alexa is the music, which isn't a problem with the product it's self but when it comes to playing music other than Pandora- you do have to subscribe to unlimited music which is reasonably priced and is worth it but do wish it came with it. Other than that I love asking Alexa to play a certain song and she plays it. She is amazing I would recommend it to anyone. Also look into her cool features their so helpful, definitely her to do list and grocery list.
Great device for an extra set up in the house and to use when phone is not handy
Wife and son love the speaker vary user friendly. Lots of apps for it.
I like this product,. Alexa is a good listener and provides me the information instantly.IT is always a joy and funny when you ask a out of the world question and get a pretty accurate response.
One of the best pieces of electronic I have purchased for my wife. She loves, the music, lists, information, etc. Got her a button for her jewelry room.
Having fun learning all that Alexa can do. Easy to program, even easier to use.
The Amazon Echo is a great friend in the room who will play whatever music you ask for. It's great to just ask Alexa and the echo responds accurately.
Once I finish making my house a smart house this is gonna be amazing. Love it for playing music right now.
I purchased one few months ago and this is my second one to put in another room, just ask the questions and get the answers , play music , or control other home connected devices . Very amazing.
Everyone should own an Amazon Echo. My Echo is like having someone that does exactly what you ask quickly without having to think about it or give you any back talk :). I love my Amazon Echo! This is beyond anything I've used in the past. I find myself relying on it more than I do any other device in my house. The entire family enjoys it. We are planning to purchase a couple more to have on each floor of the house. We love it! If you have been thinking about buying one and haven't, you should pick one up today. You'll be glad you did! A great device/friend the entire family will enjoy! By the way, ordering fast food delivery is one of my family's favorite ask! :)
Echo works well with a variety of different devices that have different protocols. It's an easy start to home automation.
Works great, good sound quality, easy and fun to use.
A great addition to my fledgling smart home. I can hardly wait to see what Alexa can do next!
This has been a wonderful addition to life. Makes many things easier in life!
This is my 2nd unit. I liked the first one that my son gifted me so much, I got this second unit for the downstairs. The fact that it was 50% off form BestBuy didn't hurt either.
I was totally stoked about this product because I was purchasing a new home. However, the property fell through and I returned the product but the little bit I had it...I loved it!!
I first bought the echo dot and loved it but the sound is lacking. I bought this for the living room and it sounds 100x better. It's not going to blow the windows out or anything but for what I use it for it is perfect. Alexa, you're awesome.
Great fun...still experimenting with requests...music, etc.
Cool that you can link Bluetooth and the Echo and it is a great speaker! Neat features. Alarm clock and timer too. Definitely recommend it.
I love the ease with which I was able to set up and connect Alexa to the internet in my home. I set an alarm to get up to go to the gym, a reminder for things, ask her the weather and she wakes me with the trivia of the day - which is sometimes very amusing !! I also ask her the news, the weather and what's on my calendar for the day. Every day I try something new and am always delighted with her and amazed by each new attribute of my Echo. I have a Dot in my bedroom as well and plan to add one to my home office. I think I'm becoming addicted to these wonderful and helpful units.
Great product, love all the things you can do with the Echo - music, games, weather, sports, conversions, etc
Great for listening to music. Real nice sound. My 7 year old loves being able to control Alexia.
This has been a great addition to our home. We love using it to play music and getting general information.
I have 2 Echo dots and wanted to have a speaker with good sound quality. This is perfect.
It is a great addition to the family. Very simple to set up and to program. Once you understand the programming the set up is great!
Nothing more to say about Alexa except that she is great.
I was pleasantly surprised about easy was to set up to the WiFi and use. I use it to play music but very helpful when setting up appointments and reminders.
Very affordable and very easy to set up. It has great features. Makes you use your phone lesser.
Alexa is awesome! With practice, she will keep you on the couch asking her to do all the work. She is easy to setup , understands sentences and really love how she can find any song you want using Amazon Music.
This is great product for listening to Pandora and amazon music.
Any Alexa speaker is a great investment but this one to me is the best. Works as a stand alone speaker but can also be plugged into things such as sound bars. Easy to set up
I have 2 Echo Dots, and this is a great addition. Super bass for listening to music. BB had a great sale.
I enjoy this product and HIGHLY recommended. You can not go wrong in purchasing this Alexa. It plays my smooth jazz while working in my office.
Really works great and sounds good. A relative of mine had one and I knew I would have to get one. I could not believe the price when I finally bought it.
I love the echo as you can do many cool things with it.
This was not a necessary product for my family, but we sure are having fun with it. At first I think my 7 year old thought we were talking through a microphone to a real person. He understands now that Alexa is not real, but he sure has fun asking questions and making requests. Overall, Alexa is really good at answering, and my whole family enjoys having her around. Hopefully there's not someone listening to everything that goes on in my house.:)
I purchased the Amazon Echo 2 months ago mostly for my wife. She spends time in the kitchen and adjoining living room and I wanted her to be able to easily listen to music, check on the weather, ask about recipes, etc. We have enjoyed using the Echo and it has performed very well. The sound is excellent as is the voice recognition. I would recommend it, especially when on sale.
I love that I can play all my Pandora stations with just one command! Sound quality is excellent, she'll change the volume with a simple request. She hasn't been so quick to answer all my questions, but I may not be asking correctly. Makes phone calls from my iPhone. Really fun.
We enjoy all the music we can get with just "Hey Alexa". Definitely worth the money.
I bought this as a gift for my son-in-law. He loves gadgets so I knew he would appreciate the Echo. I had received this as a gift last Christmas and absolutely love it.
It a great speaker and also a great personal assistant.
Picked this up a month ago and have been very happy with the purchase. Just installed smart light bulbs. Works perfectly!
I love, love, love my Echo; so much so, that we purchased a second one for the basement the next day. Alexa is awesome! She is intelligent, smart and actually has a sense of humour. She converts Fahrenheit to Celsius, and can perforrm simple Mathematical calculations. She saves me time by not having to look it up on my smartphone. And of course, once you set up Pandora, you can ask her to play songs by your favourite artist. Go Alexa!
I love this product! The price is great for such a deal.
Mi kids love to do there homework with Alexa and leasing to music
It works great and fun great to use can't wait to buy some acceries going to get prime
The Amazon Echo is simply awesome. It plays music of your choice. It will tell you about the weather, give traffic updates, tell you jokes. Even tell you about planets. If you have an Amazon stick or tv. It will change channels or even pull up the shows you watch. You can even ask to turn on lights or change their colors and if you have ADT Pulse, you can arm/disarm your system. Amazon Echo is always learning. I don't know what I would do without her... Yeah it's a her and her name is Alexa. Once you have one... you will understand.
It is not a necessity but it is a good assistant. Lots of fun and entertains many guests. Very helpful in the kitchen.
The echo has great sound and is remarkably intelligent. Great to get it on sale too!
We use it for the music mostly and love it. The kids play games and enjoy it
I bought this while vacationing in San Diego to be shipped home for me to give as wedding gifts. The store associate at the Best But Mobile Mission Valley was particularly helpful and informative. He saved me from carrying them on flight and had them shipped to my work The new couple loved these tech gifts and emailed me about "Alexa" as soon as they opened it.
Its a great technology to have at home for news and entertainment
The Echo is definitely a must. It has great sound quality, very easy to use and is a lot of fun to have at parties. It is compact and very structurally sturdy. I recommend the Echo to everyone.
The Amazon Echo is both practical and fun. I use it for my Sirius XM streaming music. I check the weather often and I use it to tease my cats by asking Alexa to meow. There are so many answers to questions and an abundance of information that Alexa can provide. These are only a fraction of all the things that the Echo can do. Love the Echo !
This thing is awesome. I am learning more everyday
Far and away blows away the Echo Dot in terms of sound quality. The higher cost is offset by the need to purchase a decent quality bluetooth speaker for the Dot.
This product did not disappoint me. I purchased it on the deal of the day and do not regret it for a second. Great sound quality and unbelievably accurate with voice commands.
I love my echo and use it to order takeout, news briefings, weather, Jeapordy and to control my lights. Awesome tech gadget.
Purchased as git for family member. I have owned and used mine for over a year. Fun and informative.
Echo is not only fun but a valuable tool. It saves time in getting weather, daily news, my calendar appointments, etc.
This Product is Unique and does most of my work in home. I love it..
It's fun having Alexa. It's hard to utilize it for all that it can do but if you take the time to learn it's a really helpful household tool.
Product has been great. We use the amazon echo for almost everything.
Easy to use, works great with Amazon music. Connects with Pandora and iheart radio.
This is our 2nd Echo. My husband had to have his own for his use outside by the pool so when he wanted to find out something, he could just ask Alexa and find the answer all while laying in the pool and watching tv. Such a fun thing to have around and ask questions to.
I look forward to coming home to Alexa. She's awesome!
Overall wonderful device! From playing music to asking for the time. My favorite feature is being able to turn on my wi-fi devices!!!!
Was over a friends house and they had one so I decided to get one. This is awesome.
Works great. Very good sound. Does so many things.
amazing device with useful features. Adds/updates amazon cart so fast and even checking out is fairly simple
Bought this to upgrade my Echo Dot. Definitely happy with my purchase due to the louder and clearer sound that comes from it. Much better for listening to music than the Dot.
Alexa is getting smarter and gaining a sense of humor as well similar to Siri. The speaker sounds great and Alexa curates the music of our chosen genre in the house all the time.
Alexa is wonderful to have-I love asking it questions and listening to my favorite songs.
Great personal assistant. Sometimes when music is playing loud Alexa can't here or understand the commands. Speaker is more powerful than expected. Ties in nicely with smart home appliances. Looks like this is more compatible with 3rd party devices than the Google Home.
this was my first Amazon purchase and since then I have purchased a Tap and a dot. All are easy to setup and work flawlessly.
Love my echo, we mostly use it for news briefs and music with amazon unlimited. Bought this for my relatives as a birthday gift. I'm sure they will love it as much as we do!
The Echo is a great addition to my home. It's convenient when we need specific information without logging on to the computer. I'm a Star Trek fan & being able to change the command to "computer" is priceless!
Amazon Echo is truly awesome. Better than Google Home in my experience. It's just an awesome device to have around the house. Highly recommend, 10/10!
Already had one Alexa. Went and bought another and a couple of dots. Now we can "drop-in" to different rooms.
Love it, love it, love it. I was able to also sync my Sirrius Satelite service to it too.
Alexa works great with music. Just wish you didn't need premium spotty to use it on alexa.
Alexa Is a very good product. Great speaker volumne for lidten to music and a lot of apps for it
Fun thing to have. And the voice activation for lights and everything is really cool
Alexa is a lot of fun to have in the kitchen. It's a great device to connect to the latest news or ingredients for a recipe! Highly recommend.
The Amazon echo is great. We use it to listen to music every day.
I like Alexa a lot the speaker is amazing I use it for my home stereo. We also use it a lot in the kitchen for recipes!!!!
Overall a great device that has an amazing sound quality.
B ought this for my wife and she loves it. I love it too because it is the beginning of my home automation. Great product.
I love my Amazon Echo!!! Great product and simple set up.
Great gift for a son who has everything and loves technology. His children love asking it questions.
The Alexa device is awesome. The sound quality from the Bluetooth speaker is the best for the price point. Perfect audio quality streaming from phone or from the connect apps. Setup is not that bad!
Fantastic! Our family has so much fun playing music, asking questions. So easy to use.
I love my echo use it every day for questions to recipes to weather and games
This speaker can really put off a great amount of volume!
Love to ask Alexa questions. Easiest alarm to set. Has so many uses that are easy to learn.
So easy to use and surprisingly good sound! Use it all the time!
I buy these as gifts for people , everyone love Alexa ! It's fun , get one
It's great for news flash and playing music. It's not great on world news. I tried to buy one for my sister in Canada. Why does Amazon not allow this work in Canada. .
Very pleased.i purchased echo dot but not really happy with speaker. So far very ok
I love my echo, it doe everything they say it does. I love listening to my music on my echo the speakers are really good.
I recommend to all, great speakers and easy to move about anywhere around the house. It keeps getting better each month. I bought one for my parents and they to are loving it to, so simple anyone can use it.
We recently purchased the Amazon Alexa and I love it! She can set an alarm, give sports updates, play music and my favorite tell jokes. I would definitely recommend.
this is the best thing in town. i love how quick it responds to commands, i enjoy the nice quality of music all day long
We love the Echo. Great sound for music, turning lights on and off and now have it connected to our Roomba. We also ordered the battery for it as to move it outside for the music.
This thing is awesome . Couldn't be happier !!!! ?
Love my Echo! I am still new to the process and am learning how to use it. Listening to music is a great pleasure! The sound is so rich and enjoyable. I look forward to learning more about it and installing Echo-compatible products in my home.
love the echo. plays any songs you want or ask or weather, ect
I really love my Echo, love the voice controls and the ease of life now that ALexa is here.
The entire family enjoys interacting with the echo. It is a great way to organize shopping lists. We use the app on our phones to access the shopping list while out shopping. The kids love all of the extra features in addition to the music. Be sure to ask Alexa to play It's Raining Tacos.
I have wanted one of these since they first launched. My children uses it as well by playing songs, daily words, jokes, etc. The technology is so amazing I also ordered Echo Show and I used it to make video calls. The sound is quite impressive and the range of the microphones is surprising.
Echo was very easy to set up, even for someone less then tech savvy. Works great with Philips Hue & Sirius xm.
My husband and I have really enjoyed our Echo more than we even thought we would. Love the ability to turn lights on/off. Along with monitoring our Nest.
I already have an Amazon Echo Show which I love by the way and purchased the Amazon Echo for my mother that was facinated with mine but was afraid of the camera on the Echo Show "Black helicopters". She lives alone and the Echo will help entertain her.
I really am enjoying the echo, it seems like I'm learning something new everyday, love to listen to my iheart radio stations on this
Love the sound quality and ease of use and setup. It's very informative and helpful
Really enjoy talking to Alexa. It's great to not have to look up things on the computer and so easy to just ask questions or listen to music
Perfect gift for the tech family and introduction to the numerous options now available through wireless connections
This is a great virtual assistant, learning new skills everyday. Works perfectly with my Nest thermostat.
The echo works flawlessly and integrates with many online services that I use anyway. I love it and use it daily.
Awesome product, works great. Good for listening to music, asking questions, connecting to smart devices, and much more!
We loved it so much at home that we have bought 3 miore!
Received the echo dot last year and bought this as well. Love it!
I love my Echo. You can ask it most everything and get an answer. Plays music with great sound!
I love my Alexa I can ask it questions and it gives me the answers I can use the timer on it it's pretty handy.
I bought this one as a gift. I already have one. I love it for music and news around the house. I send messages to family members on it. Best Buy did a great job getting it to me, and I caught it on sale. Couldn't beat the price.
Such fun. Always new ways to get information and have fun.
I bought this for my boyfriend and he loved it ever since. Echo is a way to go.
Echo is a great addition to our home and its easy to use!!
Excellent echo radio....good invented....nice product..
Great product highly recommended it!! Ended getting two
This is a great item to have. Integrates well with different home security items.
Love using it! What I like best is the fact that more than one person can be registered.
Easy for my wife to play music she likes by just asking. Works great on Fire Tv. Still hooking up lights and controllers but all has been easy to do.
I am very happy with my echo I will recommend it to all my friends and recommend they become a Best Buy member
I own one there great to have in the room and a lot of enjoyment of all the things it does !
I enjoy this device. Something new to continually ask Alexa. The speakers are great, easy to pair, easy to use and set up.
It is just amazing what Alexa can do. What great entertainment for people of all ages!
Alexa works beautifully and has fine quality sound.
The Echo is in our kitchen and is a great device for listening to songs. The wife loves it and the kid likes to ask it questions about all kinds of different subjects. Got it on sale and for the price I could not pass it up. It was a great buy and very fun to have around.
Bought this for a friends as a housewarming gift, and it was hit! My friend was able to set it up in minutes and was thrilled about it.
I absolutely love Alexa! It was so easy to set up and its incredibly easy to use!!
Awesome product and it controls my new Sony LED Television. I only wish I had waited to purchase my first one because of the amazing sale price on this one.
The uses for this item was worth every penny. 99$ was a small price to pay.
We love this. Alexa is so intelligent and our son loves her. Also you get a discount on amazon music. You can hook the echo up to tvs, lights, and more. Just tell her what you want her to do
Love the Echo. It is amazing. Does whatever I ask.
I love my Amazon echo! I utilize it with Amazon Music. Are use other music services like Pandora and I heart music. I listen to audiobooks and podcasts also
Very fun and entertaining, works with my hopper 3 through Dish and my ecobee 3 thermostat
Alexa is a great product and I would highly recommend this product.
This is an excellent product. It will do everything expected and perform it well. Voice recognition is excellent. Great for people of all ages from 2 years old to 90 or more.
Great product, So useful around the house especially with being able to turn on the lights using alexa
Lots of cool features, especially enjoy the shopping list feature.
Awesome voice recognition. Great buy even if sole use is as a speaker. Great sound.
I love listening to music and awesome tell play certain radio stations or music to enjoy as I work. Took a little getting used to know how phase questions to get Alexa to answer but we are both are pro now. :)
It does so many Things. It is nice matching up with Echo Dot and using as Intercom.
So, after visiting my sister and brother in law who use an Amazon Echo to run just about everything in their house, I just had to have one. I purchased my own Amazon Echo the minute I got home from my trip. I am now on my way to building my smart home. My wife and I have enjoyed using Alexa to help us with recipe measurements, check the weather for the day, set reminders and play our favorite music.We are now working toward building and buying items such as wifi light switches, a smart thermostat and a few other items that will all work seamlessly with Alexa. It will take a while to get it all done but it is a lot of fun!! The Amazon Echo is such a blast to use. Take your first step in building your smart home with the purchase of an Amazon Echo!
This is an amazing electronic that help you get going during the day goes. I simply love it!!!
Pleased to learn that Echo has many features that I will use frequently. Very happy with my Echo and the excellence of the phone support I've gotten.
I love the convenience of using Alexa for anything from a timer to answering questions. Being able to get music on voice command is great as well, as I can pause and resume without grabbing my phone or a remote all the time. I would highly an Echo to anyone interested.
Easy to set up. Anyone can use this. Doesn't take a technology wiz to set up and have fun with it. Love the music library.
Sound is great and the voice recognition is amazing. Love it.
This is my second Alexa. Have one down stairs and needed one up stairs for me to ad my schedules and to take with me on vacation. We had so much fun when family came in to visit on vacation and found out about Alexa. They where talking more to her than us. I was ready to turn her off.
Great product at great price!I love what I bought!
The echo is a great gadget we use it all the time one of the best purchases we made from amazon
Set up was really easy. It has been really fun to play with. I have enjoyed the emails that come giving tips about different commands and fun things it will do.
Unit is fun. Combined with speaker to stream sirius xm.
Purchased for household use, mainly for music streaming using Alexa App.THE PROS: Ordered online..easy. Received fast. Easy instructions & was hooked up in minutes. Wifi hookup easy too. Alexa app easy to work & figure out.Setting up with Pandora & Spotify for Music was easy too. ~so i bought a second Echo for another room.. I now have them in sinc to play music through the house. Voice recognition works well too. THE CONS: this uses a lot of data. If yours is unlimited..no problem. I don't use the Echo (Alexa) much during the week but play music for hours on weekends. I was on a 1GB plan prior to owning Echo.. now I have upped my plan to 6GB & may have to go a bit higher. ~just FYI.But still, no Regrets! ~Love it!!
Got this as a gift for my best friend. It arrived very fast; packed nicely; gift wrapped. Quality was great
We love this. Very helpful and entertaining. Useful for automation is an awesome feature. Alexa is great for the young and old. Play your music, get weather, news update among many other options including games.
The Amazon Echo is amazing.....easy to set up and easy and affordable to use!! We bought one for us and one for my parents because it is so great!!!!
I love it. Can ask about weather, recipes, directions everything I use.
Our new Amazon Echo was very easy to set up! Alexa has a great voice and can perform countless tasks, we love "her".
Works great with the dot across opposite ends of the house.
Better then I thought, very useful and easy to use. Set up was a snap and works great
We love it. it is not uncommon to start up and let it go for several hours. It can play a very wide genre of music. ( That is what we primarily bought it for>)
Echo has a great speaker for sound and easy to program for music and radio stations Great product easy to use. Get daily news weather set alarm clock etc.
Bought think would not use much lets try it out. We have used it everyday
Good deal, great product, a nice little addition to our home!
I love my echo. She would be amazing if she could Google things, but we can't have it all. Love that the kids can tell Alexa to put something on the list and it shows up on my phone
I have loved my echo this far. Alexa has so many skills that are super helpful. I do love the mute option too because sometimes shes picks up when Alexa commercials come on so I can just mute her.
Alexa keeps you updated on news and weather. Great to answer questions. Fun to use.
Alexa is my best friend. She helps with shopping lists, keeps my calendar current and is always there to set a timer. She helps me change channels, plays my music. I really cannot live without her.
I had the small Echo Dot & this was an addition. The speaker is so much better then the Dot & I was able to connect them together so I can hear my music in both rooms. Love the Amazon Echo. Great purchase.
I was also skeptical about buying the Amazon echo because of the price. I was able to get mine on sale for $100. I wasn't sure how much I was gonna use Alexa. Turns out I use her everyday. From weather to traffic conditions on my commute. Alexa is quick and responsive. When she's paired with smart bulbs and other smart accessories it's really convient to have her. Alexa is easy to set up and worth the buy.
Alexa is great.. Right now she only answer my questions. It is a joy looking at others trying to ask her a question and I walk up and ask her and she respond.
Love our Alexa. Just note that you must have Amazon prime if you want to get the most out of it. can listen to music and search anything. The ability Alexa can hear is awesome.
This works really well and is very easy to set up and use.
Bought this for my girlfriend's son and he absolutely loves it. Just about every person I talk to who owns one falls in love with it. Highly recommended.
This is my second Echo and I also have a Dot. Decided I needed one for my office. Sound is great, set up was easy. I would say that Alexa has gotten used to my voice because I find it is 95% accurate. And, the few times that is just pops on when I didn't request it...well I go to my Amazon account to see what it picked up. Usually good for a laugh. One day it played a children's song "The wheels on the bus go round and round". You can't go wrong with one.
Easy to use and great for listening to the music you want to hear.
Very happy with purchase. Would refer to others to buy.
It has been great for the whole family. We all love playing our favorite music and the kids love the games like 20 questions.
Its hands-down is the best advice for smart home today. From controlling lights to music and security systems echo has it all! I would highly recommend this for anyone who is starting off with their smart home.
It's the Amazon Echo. Does what it says and gets you in touch with Alexa hands-free.Works good and awesome for the smart home person.
We puchased an Echo as a start to our home automation and fell in love with it's sound and capabilties.
I purchase my Alexia about a month ago and waited to write this review in order to get more familiar with its operation. Set up was a breeze with no problems connecting to my home network. At present I am using my Alexia for my morning news briefs while having breakfast. Listening to Bloomberg, CNN, Fox, and Reuters news briefs you pretty much get an insight of whats happening in the world. If you wake her up by saying Alexia, good morning she will give you some interesting information concerning the day. I also use her for reviewing by daily schedule and local weather before heading out. No longer do I have to search in my iPad. Listing to music is a pleasure since the sound is very acceptable and I can change the volume or skip song without even moving. She response to my voice from across the room. The timer function is a help when cooking, and setting a alarm by voice is a great convenience, eliminating some use of my phone. It would be nice to have Alexia call your contacts on your phone with IFTTT but that would involve uploading your contact list to Amazon, something that at the moment I would not do. My future plan is to interface Alexia with a smart home system which will operate by voice control. I am happy with my purchase and would recommend Alexia to anyone.
I love using Alexa. She will play music when asked, plays games, answers questions and starts my day with a good morning and ends each evening with a good night!
I absolutely love my Amazon Echo. I have 3 in my house and it is so easy to play music, find information or listen to Audible books. I love when I am cooking and I don't have to use my hands to start listening to music.
I love it being able to just ask for a specific type of music and she usually can find it. The one thing I laugh about is if you speak certain words she thinks your talking to her lol
the sound is excellent and it was easy to set up. have use it to control light outlets and play music.
I enjoy Alexa. It is very helpful. The news flash briefing is my favorite. I love that the device continues to learn.
I think everyone knows by now that this is a must have item. If you find it on sale and don't already have one then you should probably buy it. It's a great product.
Love the ease of Alexa. Easy setu and has great sound.
Love our Echo. It has great sound quality. Very helpful with conversions when baking.
This is a modern era personal assistant. Has almost all answers you ask & is still learning. Kids are getting use to it sometimes play and also getting educated. Very impressed with the sound quality has Dolby sound if you like listening music.
I absolutely love the versatility of the Echo. Make calls, play music, traffic reports, the skills are great. We have a couple Dots in other rooms so we don't have to yell throughout the house to tell the kids it's time for dinner, just use the "drop in" feature.
The Amazon Echo has been a fun edition to our home electronics. I like playing Jeopardy everyday. Listening to music. The speaker has a great sound. A handy item to have around.
Awesome device for home automation. Great for quick info queries. I added 2 smart outlets very easily.
Just bought a my first house and this was a fantastic addition as I unpack. I have an Amazon Prime account which gives me amazon music, so I've just been requesting music as I unpack and clean. Solid
I like the sound and the wireless capability. Looks good, too.
Sound quality is way better! I would recommend this product to someone that is going to use it to listen to music. I also have echo dot and those work nice too but Alexa seems more reliable.
I realize that many people will believe that this product is a cynical attempt to pump up Amazon's profits, and I'm sure it contributes, but don't deny yourself the serious fun this device will bring into your home!We originally bought this as a gift for my seeing-impaired mother-in-law in order for her to enjoy trivia, music and audio books with a hands-free interface. We didn't anticipate enjoying it ourselves so much that I'm not sure we're going to be willing to let it go!!!Setup is dead simple if you already have an Amazon Prime account and wireless Internet access. The audio quality and the unit's ability to cut through ambient noise in order to hear you are remarkable. The device is solidly built and has several nice ergonomic touches such as the rotating, color changing ring of lights that let you know you are being heard to the rotating volume ring at the top of the unit.It is amazing what the Echo can do. I'll leave the voyage of discovery up to each of you. Do get used to hearing "Hmmm, I'm not sure about that" or "I'm still learning about...." but I am certain that the Echo's cloud based "brain" will only get better with time.Do yourself a favor and get one of these, the whole family will enjoy it!
Small unit provides excellent quality and portability is a huge plus.
Amazon - Echo is a great device to use at home, it helps my kids in their home-work. I am enjoying it, some day I am planning to do some automation of light with that.
One is adopting an animal to give it a good home - the other is buying an Alexa enable device like the ECHO. This marvel of tech is a must have that brings us one step closer to life on the USS Enterprise.
Love this! Having a great time learning all the new things it can do. Also love that Amazon and Best Buy send me emails about once a week with new things to try. Be careful to check and make sure that Smart Home products actually are compatible before purchasing them to use with Alexa.
We love using this product around the house we are constantly listening to music and whatever we feel like listening to we play and listen to immediately we really enjoying the Amazon echo and have recommended it to all members of our family and friends who do not currently have it.
Handy and entertaining device to have. Ask it anything and it will answer. Haven't tried advanced features yet.
have heard so much about echo ,I had to try it out. Setting up with my router was a little hard but finally got it and when disconects again it back up on its own, nice to ask about weather or what ever and not have to grab my phone need to get prime music account so can listen to any or all music on there but for now really happy glad I got it,good price too.
Works great sounds good. Only criticism is there is no volume control like the dots for manual adjustments
Works great plus look at YouTube video's to see other features available.
I'm quite the gadget geek and this feeds that addiction! Have it controlling a bunch of lights and my TV. Next is a thermostat!
I love my new Echo! I use it daily. Great product!
Purchased as a gift. Very well pleased. Best Buy is great for all electronics purchases.
Fun product that is very user friendly to operate!!!
you will never be lonely again she talks to you and answers questions she can read your kindle books too and tell you the weather she will tell you jokes she is well worth the money also play music from your library and ihart radio and much more things
We love this Echo. The speaker is very good both volume and sound wise. We can hear the music throughout the house. It was easy to set up and is easy to use. No complaints here!
I love how echo responds so quickly. Her speaker are remarkable and clear sounding, no static .
One of the best things that I have purchased for my home entertainment
Set up was easy and I'm not really technological. The sound is fantastic and really fills the entire downstairs of my house. I love listening to music on it I love having random questions answered andI can't imagine not having my new roommate Alexa.
Really like the echo. This is my second one. I put this one in the kitchen. I got this one because of the size and needed one to be centrally located in my house.
What a fun new helper and fun accessory to use around the house. Plays music, plays games with you , orders pizza and much much more....
It works like advertised. The only issue I have is it can hear you when you are listening to music on volume level 8 or higher.
I enjoy using my amazon echo. I love how Alexa can turn off and on my lights lol
Amazing fun getting into the technology age. Connected Echo w Philips Hue lights and Bluetooth speakers. All works great. Wifi consistency a must. Takes getting used to asking a non-human questions!
I already have an Echo in the kitchen (which I love) and purchased the Echo dot for the family room to pair it via Bluetooth with a hybrid tube amp, primarily for listening to music through Prime. If you have a home audio set up and prime, and can do with the limitations associated with Prime music, the Echo dot is the way to go. It is fantastic, from an ease of use standpoint (and sound quality from the amp). Setting up multiple Echos is very simple, as is managing them through the Alexa app; and once you teach Alexa a new skill (via additional apps) the skills are applied across all Alexa devices in the home.
Better than I expected. Alexa is my new best friend.
I love talking to alexia and asking her questions. I play music on it and don't have to go turn something on. Being able to talk and have her respond is awesome. Next I want to get the lights set up in my house so she can turn everything on.
this product is very nice. I bought it as a birthday present and the person loves it
We enjoy this new addition to our home. It's fun, entertaining, and the speaker is great.
Alexa answers questions, sets timers, plays music, she's great
So far have enjoyed using the device. Have not found a serious application for it yet, but enjoy what we have tried so far.
Excellent speakers and great voice control... I'm very happy with my alexia
Enjoy this product. Easy to set up. Has great sound
This is a great product! Alexa is always available to answer my questions, play my music & control smart devices in my home.
Great device, and has great sound. The voice activation is very tight, and once you realize how Alexa answers, she's very helpful..
I use my Echo everyday. Alexa has become part of my life from telling me the time, the weather, playing music, setting timers and alarms, giving me a news brief, turning my lights or portable heater on/off, playing games, and so much more. Her voice control works very well and is very responsive. The sound quality is very good. New skills are automatically added all the time.
We have this in our kitchen and I love to play music on it while cooking or just hanging out
These are very cool. Only bummer is my power adapter cord broke :( and I don't think they sell replacements
steep learning curve, great for music and controlling light
Alexa is great. She plays music . She can answer questions and tell you the weather. I am still learning all that she can do .
It's fun, my girls love it. Great for small gathering.
I have been watching the reviews online and checking with friends that have purchased the Echo to see how much they liked or disliked its features. Last person I talked to went on and on about all the things there were using it for and that persuaded me it was time and Amazon Prime Day was the perfect opportunity to go for it. Amazon did a fantastic job of creating this tubular info-taining command center! There are so many cool and awesome things its able to do that I'll hit the highlights that work for our household. First, we love that it follows your voice in the room (the circle lighting will show which direction it is 'listening'), the speaker is wonderfully balanced, so whether listening to music, the news or to Alexa speaking, I have nothing but high marks for its sound quality, given its size. Next, set up (after downloading the app to our iPhones) was quick, easy and very intuitive. The more you look over the app, the more you will realize a world of 'skills' that the unit is able to perform once they are turned on and you master the right sequence of keywords to initialize them. We've added things to shopping lists, while asking about the weather and our calendar of events and then asked Alexa to change the temp of our Nest thermostats in various parts of the house, simply by saying her name and then our commands, sometimes sitting in the living room or simply pass through - she is always there listening and ready. We've ordered some LED programmable lights and I can hardly wait for Alexa to help set the mood in the house, room to room, all from a simple voice request. Even though we are fairly tech savvy and have phone, tablets and watches that can control devices, its HUGE to just ask for something and a pleasant voice setting it in motion.I am a regular Amazon Prime shopper and reviewer, if my review helped you in making up your mind about whether to purchase the Echo, please mark the Helpful button, it tells Amazon that folks are in fact reading reviews like this. Thanks!
Alexa has become an addition to our family. There isn't one day that we don't ask Alexa to help us out. It's not an intimidating tool. Very user friendly.
The Echo does everything. I love it. They add new apps often. :)
Very nice to have in the kitchen/living room area Just ask what the weather is The time Play music The news Turn lights on Works great!
Gave this to my dad for his birthday. He loves it. Can play music, keep lists, set timers, and set up my buddy which is awesome. And it only gets better.
Got here quick, has a great speaker, and all the features are amazing and they keep adding more!
Alexa is fun, she keeps getting smarter and smarter. Imagine Siri with music capabilities plus even more.
This is much better than the echo. The sound is great
I use it everyday! I absolutely love my echo! Best Buy ever!!
I was very pleased with the items I ordered from Best Buy. They were well respresented online, thank you.
My Alexa is so awesome. While cleaning the house it's so easy just to say Alexa play Without having to stop and search for the song in your playlist or choose and pick which songs you want. My housework can get done so much quicker now and is much more enjoyable.
I love it. Quick for information and have started converting components in the house to smart home setup.
This is so fun and easy to use. Alexa knows everything! So crazy!
I have been enjoying using my Amazon Echo. It is very satisfying.
We all really like Alexa, especially when cooking you just ask her a question without having to get your phone out. Music is great to listen to also
The Amazon echo is really amazing. It makes everything easy and friendly to use.
It's very useful device, so easy to deal with. The Pandora radio can play whatever I want!
Excellent product great for information and music would highly recommend this to anyone I know 5 stars all day!!!
Bought her for my son and daughter, Just love Alexa
Our daughter and her friend purchased the Echo and I loved it.... my husband bought me one for my birthday and I love it....
We purchased this Echo as a gift for my son - and he loves it! Setup was easy and he's having a lot of fun with it. Really makes a good gift!
Very user friendly, amazing and interesting; you have all the help that you can get just by talking to alexa.
I had this set up in minutes. Very easy. The sound is great. Wonderful variety of features. Love it!!!
Was a great Christmas present for my grand daughter she loved it
This is the 2nd Echo for our household. We also have 2 Echo Dots for the kids. We all love them and use them throughout the house to stream music.
Love that I can talk and someone or something listens.. Haha..Great technology and the sound is amazing. Great price ..
Is great to have hand free speeker and sound very good ... i love my new amazon speeker
Alexa is awesome to use for hearing music. works well!
Bought this for my husbands birthday. We both use it everyday for news weather and store lists. Awesome for playing music too. Highly recommend
Great item for the home we have used this item daily now
Still learning the things Alexa can do, but so far, I'm extremely happy with my purchase.
Alexa is great, the Amazing Echo is amazing! Great purchase.
This thing is great. I discover a new feature almost every day. I don't know how I lived without it.
I absolutely love the Echo. I use it as part of my smart home set up and Alexa keeps me up to date with my appointments, weather and even traffic when I am about to leave for work. Glad I made this purchase.
Awesome because I can simple just shop whatever I want just by calling her. Does the job right.
So happy with my purchase easy to setup and request information, music and anything
I personally liked the echo, I went out to purchase the dot. I am well satisfied with both products. The echos sound quality is amazing for my living space.
Works well with Amazon's services, hands free Spotify and news too. The speaker sounds great centralized in a large area, and the voice recognition is extremely accurate. Looking forward to getting into the home automation aspect soon.
If you have a smart-home you're going to love this device. I have it integrated with my Hue and Nest products and it works flawlessly. Highly recommend for voice command to smart devices and easy ordering from Amazon.
I love this product, I have one Echo and 3 Dots in my home and they work perfect with my smart home hubs and other products. I highly recommend this product.
We all love his thing. Had the google home and returned it out of frustration and in favor of the echo. Eye happy
This is so great, music, news, questions answered.
Alexa is great for quick info and sometimes her responses to questions are fun to listen to.
This is a great purchase. We are enjoying Alexa. She is the greatest.
Incredible knowledge Alexa has, sports, weather, trivia, simply amazing! Need to hook up my music to it!
this device has been a wonderful addition to our home the sound quality on this device is amazing
This is a great device ! Nice sound easy to set up
The item works great love it. Would recommend this item to coworkers and family.
Had a good experience where I was would def go again
Works great. Connected it to wi fi speakers and lights I think went and got a dot and connected that through a Bluetooth adapter to my old stereo system and that works great as well.
I love the Echo. It's super user friendly and the sound is great for the size.
I am really enjoying my Amazon Echo!! It was very easy to set up and very easy to use (you just have to remember to say Alexa first). Showed it to my sister-in-law while she was visiting and now she wants to order one.
Alexa is awesome! My kids love asking her questions and to play their favorite songs , super quick responses too
My Alexa is the smartest! She knows a lot about everything! It's amazing how quickly she can answer a question, whether it's about math, history, a person, or event, etc. Even my husband is impressed!Played with my brothers Alexa for a couple weeks and ordered one for me. She was greeting me when I returned home. Love her!
I tried to get this since Christmas and it's finally available. Can't wait to use it.
I absolutely love my Amazon Echo and would suggest everyone to get one!
We have this and the echo. We love them. My grandchildren have fun asking questions
We love Alexa!!! Awesome speaker! We have recommended to many friends and family!
The device works great as longer you have a decent Wi Fi, very handy and useful.
I love the responsiveness of the Amazon Echo and all the things that I can do.
The sound is amazing and it lives up to all the hype.
The Echo is used all day long. Alexa responds to an amazing number of requests. One item of concern is the grandkids commands to Alexa - need to figure a way to block kids.
I love this device, I can just tell it what to do without having to push buttons on my phone.
Had purchased one of these for my family for Christmas and they absolutely loved it. Bought the Echo Dot for a co-worker and they wouldn't stop talking about it. Decided to buy my wife this for her birthday and all I can say is Wow! Super easy to set up, a blast to use, and connects to all sorts of connected home devices like light switches and wifi router. Plays Jeopardy and reads you the news in the morning along with playing music on command. Love setting alarms, reminders, adding to a shopping list, and making purchases on Amazon by voice. Definitely buy this if you want to make your home so much dinner!
Your mileage may vary, but... I picked up both the Google Home and the Amazon Echo because I wanted to see which one was best. Oddly, Amazon Echo pairs better with my work accounts (GSuite/Google Apps for Biz) because Google Home doesn't do that yet. For home automation, Echo can't be beat. For playing podcasts, Echo is on top of it. For answering questions, Google Home allows me to get to my answer a lot faster with better sources. In terms of audio quality, Echo is top dog. Can it hear you from across the room? Yeah, in fact - mine can hear me from outside my office 3 rooms away.Has it changed my routines? Yep. I love the Flash Briefing. The skills, for now, are mostly useless or "add-ons" to the Flash Briefing. It can read your audio books and Kindle books (and they do a freebie monthly) - but as I listen at 3x speed to most of my audio books, it's not the most helpful thing ever (because there's no speed control yet).Is it the Computer from the Enterprise? Not yet. It can't perform complex tasks like, "Alexa, find me a 4 or 5-star Chinese Restaurant nearby and make a reservation", cannot call out (hey Skype, where are you?), and cannot send text messages or write emails.There's some connecting the dots that will have to happen for this to be life-changing, but for now, it's pretty good.
How did I ever live without this the sound quality is amazing and extremely easy to set up
Echo is more than handy. It's also fun for the grandkids. They have a blast testing Alexa. Works great while internet is functioning. Also bought light bulbs compatible with Echo. They work as advertised.
Product was easy to install and is easy to use just ask questions. Also great as you you can setup operating home automation to make life simple and easy.
I got the Echo for Christmas and hooked it up at my house. Hooked up all the automated/wi-fi devices I had, bought more just because they're fun and loved it. Then I decided I wanted a nice, compact music player for my office and started to evaluate options. After reviewing and valuing based on my needs, my office, and ease I decided to get another Echo for the office. The Dot was an option, but the sound quality isn't good enough for me while the Echo is (I'm not a huge music aficionado, just like clear music) and it doesn't require me to keep an extra set of speaker or use up computer resources to stream. I got it, hooked it up to the office wi-fi and use it every day. It gives me the weather forecast, traffic status, miscellaneous information, but most of all, streaming music.And when the phone rings I can pause it quickly using the voice control and then resume when I'm done. That's what turned me away from the Tap.
My wife purchased this for my birthday and we find it to be VERY helpful. Very easy to use. Perfect size to be placed conspicuously in the home. It's an all-around great tool for parties, up-to-date info every morning, list keeping, calendar maintenance and general fact checking. We love it!
Enjoying Alexa a lot. Easy to use and great provider of information and music
Very cool device in general, and becomes even more convenient with every smart device you add to this system. I think the Google Home is smarter, but it's cooler to say, "Alexa..." vs. "Ok/Hey Google..."
We love this so much. Adding all the home-automation skills this device offers has made a really cool change in our daily activities. Just speaking to Alexa keeps our grocery list and calendar fully up to date...and with such little effort. The quality of the speaker is also very good....it's pretty much replaced the stereo in our living areas.
Alexa is smart, funny and easy to use. I'm usually technologically challenged but Alexa is very patient with me!
I purchased Alexa since I have amazon prime. I decided I loved it so much, I bought 3 echo dots to put around my house. I love being able to talk to the air and have things turn on/off, order things on Amazon, play music, listen to the news. This device changed my life.
I had the best experience at the Best Buy I went to. They were so helpful and took their time with me.
Really fun and nifty device...we use it for setting alarms, checking movies, weather info, playing music and getting answers. We are evolving with it to discover new ways to utilize the Echo. Speaker quality is very good...better than I expected.
I have found my echo to be fun and useful! It understands what i say most of the time.
works like a charm, updates daily. use on a daily basis
So far I am enjoying it and adding other compatible devices with it makes it amazing.
She's great... Very useful and out of the way... Going to get a DOT
Very useful! Love it! Love being able to say Alexa play this specific song, and boom there it is
Alexa is an excellent product. My family uses a number of options that are available through it. The sound quality is extremely good and it stays on all of the time. So glad we have Alexa!!
Alexa features work great. Sound is very good for a small, portable speaker. The whole family enjoys interacting with Alexa. Mostly used for playing music. Wireless was easy to connect. Recommended.
I love the amazon speaker!!! It has a voice activated speaker named Alexa and she is full of incredible tasks. I connected her to my lights and I can have her control them from anywhere in the house!!!
my grand kids talks to it, while doing there homework, school projects etc. i use it for the music. its great.
We had recently purchased a home w/ speakers thruout but needed to add a receiver. In the meantime, we heard about the Echo and thought it might be fun and also provide a means to have music in our pool room. The sound is so good, we have decided to not spend a lot of money to run the speaker system in the house! The set up was well documented and had no problem getting "Alexa" up and running in a short amount of time.
good and excellent product and good serive bestbuy
I wasn't sure how amazon echo will work and got it initially to control my Philip Hue lights. I was amazed by list of smart devices it can support. It also connects to the apps like pandora iheartradio and likes. I am in love with Alexa. The speaker is powerful and the sound is crisp. I didn't know that amazon dot could perform exact same tasks and it's almost 1/3 the price. Though I don't regret buying echo but I could have bought dot which is $50 a piece compare to $179.99 for echo. Could have got 3 dots for different locations
This is such a great product! I am learning new things to use my Alexa for each day! The games she plays are fun and I especially like how she connects to all of our smart devices to voice control them! Would definitely recommend this to anyone!
It's a great product the sound quality is amazing.. would recommend this to all my friends
Alexa is a helpful tool to use everyday. She gets better the more skills you have her learn.
Imagine my 4 grandkids joy when they opened their gifts. Love love love them!
Purchased as a gift for the wife. She enjoys it immensely
So easy to use and so nice to have in kitchen. Looks great in white
Really like the Echo. Use it mainly for listening to music and shopping/to do lists.
Very happy with the Amazon echo So happy I went and bought another one
Alexa works great. Very easy to use and speaker sounds awesome.
No home automation yet but will add some soon. Great for music, speaker sound is really good and works great for us. Haven't used Alexa to buy directly but see that will probably happen. Very pleased with the purchase
This is just great I use it daily and am very happy, This is my fourth echo and all work flawlessly
This was given to me for my birthday and I love it...
I love the versatility of the Echo, It has a great music sound and does so much more.
So fun and exciting and informative :) it was a present for my boyfriend and he calls her his real girlfriend lol
My family love the amazon echo ! We use it all the time. The kids love to hear her tell jokes. Can't wait to add another one to have in another part of our house.
Best electronic device purchased in a long time. Nice to be able give commands without getting out of your bed/chair
simple to istall, very easy to use , blends well with the decor
Sound quality amazing! So much fun! Enjoy it every day!
I can't say enough great stuff about my Echo. We especially love to use it to play music for our dog while we are gone. Maybe we are nerds but we love it.
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my son-in-law, and he absolutely loves it! He showed me how it works and I'm very impressed. It is not just functional, but it is also fun! Works perfectly!
My mom has enjoyed using this product, we are looking at purchasing prime, the nest and light bulbs so they can control it all from there.
One of those things that you never realize you needed until you actually get it. I can't imagine not having this thing now! Definitely recommended
This was a great purchase. I use it to order merchandise, play music, and answer questions.
Great sound, easy to set up. Connects to wifi no issues.
We have grown in our interactions and reliance on our Amazon Echo. Temperature, lighting, music and more, Alexa is awesome.
It has been nice having the echo love it bought dot for g daughter
I don't use it nearly as much as I could. The kids love it. When they ask me questions I now tell them "ask Alexa!"
Tho she wouldn't make herself real for me, this is a nice gadget.
We live our new Alexa. The grandkids have fun asking her questions and she provides us with tons of info as well.
Answers just about any question, spells words, plays a boat load of songs although some songs require additional membership. Love it and would suggest to all
I was a bit skeptical when I first bought this but I use it daily. really like the shopping list option, really helps
Echo works great and she is much funnier then Siri for sure and they are expanding her capacity all the time. Well worth the money
The Echo is not just functional, but fun. Our kids love to pick music for her to play, she has taught them to play Jeopardy, AND she keeps us organized. :-)
My son loves his Amazon Echo. It is a cool gadget to have.
We love our echo so much that we bought another one for upstairs!
Between listening to whatever song we want to telling my kids a short bedtime story with their name in it, we love it! Trivia crack is fun to play too.
The Amazon Echo is a lot of fun and very useful. The ability to add events to a calendar, get the weather and news and play music from your amazon account and others really rocks!!
The Amazon Echo is one of the best purchases I have ever made
Love it amazing easy to use love the look sound amazing
Alexa is awesome. If you are looking into a smart home this is the only way to go.
The best product we have been pleasantly surprised
Super fun to connect with smart light bulbs and smart plugs - makes you feel like you have a Jetson house. The customized flash briefings are a good way to start the day, too.
Excellent product. Use it everyday for all types of information and music.
I am so happy I chose the Echo over the Google. Clear sound, listens better than google. More knowledgable than google, answers all questions correctly.
This product is the best item HANDS DOWN! Love IT!
It is great my husband and I enjoy it every day!!!!!
So many awesome things to do with Alexa! Be sure to read about it though
I would of never have considered getting Alexa until I house sat and the owners had one. I love music and she could play every genre keep in mind you have to sign up for 2.99 monthly fee it is so convenient just to ask her to play music and the sound from such a small unit is phenomenal. I also purchased the starter kit for the lights she will turn them on and off by your request and you can set it up on a timer which is great when you're out of town .
The speakers on the echo give great output. this smart technology is fun, and I am learning new things that it does every day
This is a great device for those who are looking for time savings throughout the day. I am still learning how to use the Echo, but I have the basics down. You can ask about the weather, news briefings, jokes, play music etc. So far so good.
I love the convenience of the Amazon Echo! Alexa is amazing! Very easy to use!
Love it. You should get one!!!!! It's amazing!!!!!
the best and fun speaker i love the way you can find news and music
I bought this as a gift for my sister. Alexa works great! The speaker? Even better! Excellent quality...sounds better than many wireless speakers in the market.
Great addition to the home. So easy to set up and use. I love the shortcuts it has provided to my life.
I was not sure if this product could do all that it is capable. very good quality with excellent sound quality.
The Amazon Echo is the first smart home purchase we've made. So far she's been quite a bit of fun. She's not so smart all the time, we tend to "Alexa, Wikipedia ...." we love listening to Audible books, and prime music. I have my Google Calendar synced and she tells me upcoming engagements. She understands very well for the most part, as expected she doesn't always understand what our 5 year old says. Amazon is constantly updating what she can do. We'll eventually get more smart home items, (light bulbs, thermostat, etc) . So far she's been fun to have around.
Love this! So easy to use and great for music or to get a quick question answered. Can't wait to get it set up all the way to control lights, etc.
I got this for my wife to use in her sewing room along with our Amazon Prime Music membership.The sound quality is about the same as a good quality bluetooth speaker and fills the room nicely. And it's great just asking for music and having it play!
We really love our Echo. We have so much fun playing around with her.
This is the best thing I have ever bought, has amazing sound better than my Bose, she gives answers to your questions is fun to have takes very little space Love it
This is an excellent product, recommend to everyone
Bought this on a whim.. I love it. Perfect sound quality and in general well put together.
I love my echo. Wonderful entertainment as well as other uses. I have a light linked to the echo. Was easy to set up. Eventually I will add the thermostat. Not large good sound and voice recognition.
The echo is amazing! I highly recommend this product!!!
I got it earlier than scheduled. Very happy with the purchase.
This is a great device that Amazon came out with it will tell you the weather do music for you stock reports you name it
Product is great. Highly recommended and extremely easy to all around the house/office.
Love this item works great and is so useful in the home
Echo is easy to setup and use. Manage grocery lists, play favorite music, purchase items right off Amazon!
Alexa has been the best new addition to our family. This device has helped control lights, HVAC, and our home security system. Alexa provides lots of entertainment with family games like trivia. A big plus is that Alexa will start my car so it's warm for me on cold mornings...she's earning big points in my eyes! ;)
Use my echo everyday! Don't know how I managed without it.
Ties in perfectly with my wink hub. I am able to control my lamps and overhead light with my voice. Love it
I use my Amazon Echo everyday, and I am loving it !
The setup and use of the Echo were quick and easy. My wife and son are having a lot of fun using it!
This has been one of the best tech gadgets I have ever purchased. It takes some patience in learning what to say. Easy though.
Bought this for wife but it has turned out to be a lot of fun for the household with all the features.
It's been great to have Alexa there to answer questions and play music. The Skills are fun to use as well.
First bought smaller echo but traded it in for the large one because of the superior sound. Very happy with it.
I had always wanted to try one of these out. I finally got my chance while staying with some friends in Vegas. I though it was so cool how you could ask Alexa just about anything and she would have a response. From playing a certain genera of music, to top news stories, Alexa does it all. After that trip I knew that I was going to get one.
I now have access to music in my bedroom. I love it!
It's an amazing product. Use it daily. Can't wait for updates
Loving this item, it can play all of my favorite music and I got it on a great deal, I love best buy deals!
Gave one of these to my sister for Christmas, who then RAVED about it. She said it was awesome. So I got one. I'm happy with it and I even got the remote, too.I especially like being able to tell it to add things to the shopping list/to-do list. In addition, I get a daily news briefing and get the best commute route for the morning.
Absolutely love the Amazon Echo!! Had one for our FL home & had to buy another for our NY home. Love the GREAT sound & the ease of playing music or listening to talk shows.
I love my Echo! Bought a second one for a gift and a Dot for my upstairs.
This product is wonderful and has great sound, but really does all the same functions as the dot. Would only buy this if your looking for a better speaker. Great for the kitchen and or a central location in the house.
Alexa from Amazon offers amazing functionality including having access to Amazon's music library, it can control your Hue lighting, has the ability to provide news and weather forecasts and it even sets timers when you are cooking! The product is a must have!
The echo is great for someone who doesn't have time to stop every time you need information. Are in the mood for a certain type of music, etc.
I have 'Alexa' in the living room. Each morning I ask her the weather forecast and plan my day. If I need to go out I ask her the traffic conditions. While watching television I can always get inside information on shows as well as the actors and actresses. While playing cards with friends and family 'Alexa always finds the right background music for us. This is a great product!
Easy to setup. My wife enjoys listening to Christian music while working. It has been a great buy!
Love it and works pretty good for what i wanted for
I think the Echos are terrific personal assistants. This is my second large Echo. I like the larger speakers in the big Echo. But I also like the Dots well enough to buy five of them. Alexa is all over my house!
This is a great product and very convenient. It was easy to set up and connect to my Hue lighting. The Echo's ability to play music on demand is a great feature. Well worth the money for what it is capable of doing.
My granddaughter Bella love this alexa so I got her another one for Easter
A fun and informative product. It is used by the whole family.
Fun to play with, a great source to gather information from without cracking a book.
I am having so much fun with my Amazon Echo. I discover no features every day. I especially love the music and news
Alexa picks up my voice clearly. Great sound and very stylish for my living room.
This this works awesome with my hue light systems. I set up my weather and news to get daily info. The one minor trouble is that you have to make sure you anunciate so it doesn't misinterpret you.
It works great with our smart home and simplifies a lot of tasks for us.
The Echo is a great device. The on;y drawback is sometimes Alexa doesn't understand your question. Other that, it's great. And with the Amazon music, it plays all of the Amazon music. You couldn't ask for anything else. It even plays comedy bits, too.
The Echo is so much fun! There is so much you can do with it!
I am very pleased with this product. Amazon is definitely the best out there.
Everything is working great, it's a great source of info. Setting up the voice activation for my smart home at little challenging but making good progress. Would pick this over the Google Home anyday.
Me and my family love Alexa, she is very important part of our day.
I have really enjoyed this purchase in the month that I have had it. It is very versatile, responds to many voice commands, makes additions to my calendar - and it has a great speaker. I recommend.
Buy this for my friend Have one at home... good sound,fast response and easy to setup.
Convenient reliable product. If you need a product that can give you immediate response to your daily needs this is it!
I use it mostly for listening to music. As I learn more, I'm sure Alexa will get smarter too. I am 61 years old and even I can use it. Way too much fun.
I was not sure what to expect of Alexa, but after using it for some time I wonder why I have 2K of sound equipment. The sound is outstanding it is everything as advertised.
Best buy had the best deal on this item. The echo is great and does that you can imagine.
love my alexa. had no idea how much it could do besides play music
This item is great to play music, news constantly changing and adding things to make it better. I have bought three of these. Absolutely love them. Take traveling with me also.
I would recommend this product to almost anyone. It's small and user friendly. The installation was easy and hassle free
We use it for lots of things. The shopping list is wonderful- anyone in the house can no add something to the list as soon as they finish the last item and it is sent right to my phone. The to-do list keeps us on track. The music option, combined with Amazon Prime Music, is awesome! We use Alexa every day. We even play pranks on each other! I love to have Alexa tell my husband a bedtime store about himself. We laugh every time. The kids and hubby will send notes to my to-do list like "Be sure to buy your daughter the new video game she wants!" Very user friendly. Two things we would like changed- the pause between when you say Alexa and when you can say what you want is too long. I also wish there was to make an intercom out of multiple units. We have a dot upstairs would love to be able to project my voice from one to the other rather than yelling to the kids or going upstairs. :)
Very cool. Works great in our kitchen and response quickly to voice requests.
We use it everyday! We love it! It is a vital part of our day. From asking traffic routes, grocery list to weather. We'd be lost without it.
I love the Amazon Echo. Can use it for a lot of stuff. Love it.
This was neat at first, when I could stream music and goof around with it. Once I delved into the smart home controls, this went from neat to amazing. I can now tell Alexa Go to Bed and the lights downstairs go out, the TV goes off, the door locks and it can even adjust the thermostat. This is truly the easiest home automation device out there!
Works perfect, very accurate. Love every aspect of this machine. Great sound.
We have an echo a tap and a dot and love them all.
My whole family has really enjoyed this, my kids love the music, I love the kitchen timer and being able to will check the weather for the day.I have set up the automated lighting control and I am in the process of converting a lot of our lighting to smart lighting.
I was iffy on buying this or not but decided to go ahead and purchase this a little over a month ago. I love the echo from the basic commands to just using it to listen to music. The sound quality for music is pretty good it's enough for what I use it for. Would definitely recommend
Bought this for my Daughter who loves using it. It's lots of fun to ask for a daily joke.
Great! Plays all my favorite music and news hands off
This is such a great product, to listen to music, get the latest news, look up information on the web and get jokes of the day!
Better than trying to listen to our favorite music on the radio! Speakers are great and will connect wireless speakers soon.Should have purchased this earlier. Will purchase another Echo Dot for another room. GREAT Concept!!
This is our second Echo; now have one upstairs and downstairs!Love having our favorite music available at any time and the sound is really good for the size of the unit. We also have access to instant weather and information on just about any subject you can think of!
We love Alexa she is fun and informative. I would get this as a gift for a friend.
Useful for adults, educational and entertaining for children. Fun to explore all the things the Echo can do, from "play easy jazz," to answering "why isn't Pluto a planet?" or "take a note." Something for everyone in the house.
great speaker and alexa is awesome. works seamless with phone and with amazon service. directional mic is great
The Amazon Echo is a great tool to keep around the house. We keep ours in the family room/kitchen area. Simply ask Alexa a question and she will provide the answer. Also, link up to Pandora or your Amazon music account and she'll play music for you. Good speakers as well..
Great item and love shopping at Best Buy. I buy all my electronic there for everyone in my house.
I love it, use it just about everyday! Wasn't sure if I would like it and use it that much but find I do.
Alexa is now my BFF! LolShe keeps me company & entertains me with her jokes. Also reads my books & plays music without touching any button. Which I love the most especially when I am doing stuff around the house.
I wish Alexa were more like Rosie the Robot on "The Jetsons" but she is a ton of fun and moderately useful. She may have thousands of skills but in a fairly narrow range -- how many joke or inspiration skills does anyone AI really need? -- so a broader base, with more games, better understanding of smart devices, etc would be spectacular.
She is a problem sometimes but getting better and our Alexa is learning as we speak to her more more.. fun
Easily to set up, very entertaining worth it the money. Thanks
It's absolutely perfect for my needs!! I liked it so much I bought a second one!
I dearly love my Alexa, She is able to give me the latest weather update. along with other very useful commands. Plus she can make me laugh on a regular basis.
Small with a lot of sound. It works perfect in my home
I'm enjoying the Echo a lot! It has been pretty simple to use. We are planning to move into a new house and I'm excited to try all the automation features I can use with this. Great product!
This works well and is a great way to keep up on news. Works well with smart home items.
We use our Echo to control our interior lighting, as well as to set a timer , playing music, getting the weather, and general information. Oh, and the shopping list is a great feature!
Still learning the uses for Echo, and it seems I will never fully understand as new uses are add almost daily via Amazon and the never ending apps that are added.
I held off purchasing the echo for many reasons, not the least of which was the uncertainty about the state of voice recognition and AI accurate responsiveness. My only regret now is that I didn't buy the echo sooner than I did. I love her, I mean it! Every day I'm integrating the echo into my life and into my home more and more. I even purchased a second one for the bedroom. The one drawback is that I sometimes have to repeat myself a few times before I'm understood. I have found that the more voice training I do, the less frequent I have this problem. And, right out of the box I was surprised at just how accurately Alexa understood and instantly responded with relevant, accurate, and timely information. Yes, I am crazy 'bout Alexa! 8)
this is a great item!!! is not just smart is so easy to work and do small thing for you!!!!
Echo is a fun and useful product. Still learning all it can be used for.
I like the ease of this electronic. She helps me everyday
How magical is it that this Alexa knows the answers to all my questions? She never seems to offer anything outside of what is asked of her, and gives only a specific response to any query I pose. Awesome.
I give this product an excellent review. I would highly recommend it.
This is such an awesome product I highly recommend it  very easy to use and capable of so much!
love it. sound quality is really good and it looks and feels amazing
We love Alexa!! We play music and the quality is outstanding.
This product is really cool and fun to have. Hooked from day one.
I bought this for my wife for her birthday. She is a huge music buff. This thing makes me wonder if I will ever buy music again. Tell it to play anything and it will. It's worth a purchase for this reason alone and it does so much more. Awesome buy
We have 2 Echo's, one in the living room and the other upstairs. Alexa will not only play whatever music you ask her to, but she will tell you the weather, a joke, is a timer, an alarm clock, keeps a grocery list, will notify someone of your choosing of an emergency at home, is a companion for an elderly person, or even keep a paraplegic company just by using their voice. There are hundreds of Apps that you can download, that enables Alexa to do on your command. We use the Echo everyday and have listened to our favorite songs from our past as well as current hits and/or radio stations. She has become a welcome addition to our home. Buy one, you won't regret it.
One of the best electronic devices I have ever purchased. Just a few things I wish it would do better like sync with Apple devices better.
Everyone of my siblings & my parents have 1 & we all love it!
The product is great. The fact is there are so many things that opened up to use the unit with.
I use echo everyday to check on weather and listen to music
Started with two Dots but decided buy this for the living room. Great sound and fun to use.
Initially I bought the Amazon echo to take it for a test drive. Just to see what all the hype was about. After about a week of playing with the device. I bought an Amazon echo for my bonus room, my living room, and my bedroom. I am simply amazed at what the Amazon echo can do. I am a lifetime Apple product supporter but this device here is simply the best I've seen so far. Pair the echo with a smartthings hub....then ask Alexa and its done.
This product is very impressive. Used every day ty
Own a few dots, needed this for office area. The speaker is amazing and you can feel the quality. Alexa is here to stay.
The Alexa unit is unique and very useful.. I would recommend this unit..
Awesome! My cousin had one and I loved it So much that I bought one for my husband and sister. Good features and easy to use
Product is awesome. Amazing how I ask a question and in a few seconds she has the answer.
It was easy to install. Provides amusement and entertainment every day.
Has great sound and base. Responds correctly to all my wuestions
The echo is very easy to use and get used to. The speaker is great quality, also. I love how Alexa gives me ideas,explains how to use the echo, and the emails that I get along with it are extremely helpful.
It's great thing to use. I use it for everything even working out
I love the ease of alexa. My mom lives with me and she does understand how to use iTunes on her ipad... but she van ask Alexa to play any music she wants to hear.
This is a great product, works with my Hue lighting products and Ecobee3 thermostat. It is fun and the sound reproduction is good considering the size of the speaker. I would buy the product again if I had the need.
This is great fun. Finding out the local weather while you're having coffee is easy. Listening to your favorite songs and changing the volume by just a spoken word is a dream.
With a job on the cutting edge of tech stuff I wanted to experience the Echo and Alexa. Oddly my wife who is not tech focused loves talking to Alexa to get her favorite radio station or music to play. Right now it's a novelty - unnecessary but fun. As we increase our smart home I think the echo will be the center of it.
I want one in every room, this is so handy. I love love love it!!
it's fun and easy to listen to music, get weather updates, etc.On the useful side it makes operating your lights, garage door, and other items in your household; working them is very convenient
love it, I use it for everything. sound quality is really good.
Great sound for such a small speaker, learns from what you tell it.
I love the ability to make my shopping list by just telling Alexa to add the item. The shopping list is always with me on the phone app. When my kids use the last of something, they can add it to the list. No more forgotten items. It is the easiest way to find out the forecast for your day. Just ask, no more getting on the computer or checking your phone. Really good sound for playing Amazon music too. Just ask for a song and it plays.
This is an excellent product. The use of this new technology is great...looking forward to more upgrades.
It's more for fun, We use it for shopping lists and music mostly. Would love to get my whole house on for lighting.
I love my Alexa. Great product and capabilities. Can re-order items from Amazon!
I wasn't sure I would like it because I didn't know all that it could do. I am very pleased with my amazon echo and I am very happy I brought it.
When I purchased my device and synced it. I was excited until my voice commands were not detected. One I pronounced Alexa name right (LOL) the she woke-up. The more I used commands with Alexa the easier it became. I am so happy about the purchase. This was a GREAT gift to me!
This is an amazing item happy I purchase Alexa I highly recommend
We just love this item - had a problem with getting the correct temperature. Had to get technical support to help us. It has since been resolved
The Amazon echo was a easy setup. The sound was great and is worth the cost.
It's fun to have at a party when everyboby can ask it questions or ask for there favoite music.
Two different friends (households) told us how much they ejoy the Echo so we purchased ours!!! It is fun to use near our computer and we love it!!! We are telling other friends about our experience!!!
Keep up the good work, works fine with smart lights
My entire family has fun playing music and asking Alexa questions. A great purchase for our home.
Sounds amazing and very responsive to questions and orders
I purchased this to put in my ShowroomEvery customer that comes in remarks about how great the sound is and the station we have on from pandora
She is so amazing music quality great can ask her a lot and she controls smart devices
I purchased this for my dad.He is 84 years and enjoys having her play music for him, tell him the weather and even helps control lighting. He loves her jokes and her witty come backs. She is his virtual pet.
I love how easy it is to use Alexa! We use it mostly for music.
We are loving our Alexa. I am ready to get the Dot for another room. The speakers sound phenomenal for the music! She will connect you to radio stations for your music preference as well. I am a prime member, so be careful when your kids start to talk to her. Make sure you do the parental settings in your Amazon account, if not your kids will be signing you up for trial memberships from Amazon. My 7 year old thinks this is cool & loves to ask her things.
I love my Alexa she is great. I can ask her guestions anytime and she will answer. I would buy this again
This works as advertised...I use it every day.Sounds great...quality made.It's like having another family member.So glad we got it!
Bought it as a gift for someone that works at home, they love it. Very easy to setup, makes it easy for someone to listen to music (if you have an online service Pandora, Spotify etc). with out having to setup a Bluetooth connection to an external speaker. This makes it a joy for this person and she loves it. Lots of things you can do besides listen to music, set timers, ask questions: sports scores, weather, endless features and functions. Worth the money.
It is nice product. I like the design very helpful product
I've had my Echo for a few months. Set up was easy. The voice recognition has been excellent. Alexa hears and responds to all of my requests, as well as the TV occasionally! I love its capability to connect to other speakers via BLUETOOTH. And it is a lot of fun for the family and parties!
An exceptional product which can be upgraded with products in the future
Bought this for my friend, he likes it so muchEasy to set up a good good quality speaker
Just starting to integrate it with other smart home products, but it is already really useful.
Gave this as a gift to my future son-in law and he loved it and using it on a regular basis. Easy to use and a lot of fun!
This is my 3rd Echo. One on each floor of our house. Works great and has so many features. Everyone here loves it.
Works with a lot of different brands and is easy to set up.
Bought this for my husband and it's wonderful!!!!!
Highly recommended, only flaw is it needs more data to draw from.
Works great for getting info and weather. Good for playing music also
I bought this for my parents and they love it. They are not tech people by any means and yet they are able to use it just fine.
To be honest, I rolled my eyes about first getting a device like this but I was wrong, I love it!The sound of the speaker for playing music was far better then expected.Getting weather, asking about store hours, setting timers, having it tell a joke, news updates, playing music or streaming radio stations this has turned out to be REALLY handy!!Bonus, you can rename Alexa to Computer, so now I can feel like I'm on the Enterprise asking question...lol
Its pretty cool. A lot of teaching it things, but once you get it down easy from there. I am able to control the TV, hue lights and listen to music from any Bluetooth device connected.
I have really enjoyed using the Amazon Echo so far. It has a great sound.
Easy to set up, excellent sound quality. So much fun to use
The Amazon Echo is a very easy device to use. It makes it easy to control all of your smart devices. Like music on your computer, cell phone, smart tv's, light bulbs, and many other devices. All you do is tell it what to do and it does the rest!
I love my Echo and use her every day for information and entertainment.I love the daily flash report and the fact that I can ask her what the temp is and other things that I would have to look up. She plays me music that I love and need to relax with and gives me music that is not really available now like Bing Crosby.
love this product everyone needs one of these , listen to favorite music use it as a timer in the kitchen ask it a question and get your answers
I love it!!! This is the best speaker for the average couch potato or lazy person! I can tell her to play my favorite pandora stations or set alarms without lifting a finger! I can even ask if it'll rain today so I know if I should bring an umbrella! Great buy!!!
I love it. Use it daily for everything. Love the options and looks.
She's smart, funny, entertaining and very helpful. You should have her in your home. She's so worth it!
I got the Amazon Echo for my SIL for a Christmas gift and everyone in the family was jealous. They all want one! Purchasing it at Best Buy was easy and the best way to go since this was a popular item this year.
We love the Echo! We are having fun learning all of the possibilities of options it can do! We have even traveled with it, and it works fine!Great speakers! Excellent sound!
Great accessory to a house. I love how you can say just about anything to it and it has an answer or solution.
Love Alexa. So much fun to ask questions and get information.
Alex is a wonderful device and so much fun to use. I can't wait for the more products to catch up.
It's really amazing to know that when I think of a task, I can ask and it be accomplished. Looking forward to integrating the Echo into my lifestyle.
Works great. Gives weather report ,sends shopping list. Love it
I love this device. It has a host of information but you must ask the question in the correct order. The music library is really good. The jokes can be a little corny like all jokes. The alarm feature is good and the look and styling is outstanding
Purchased as a gift and my family really enjoyed it.
We love the echo. We use it to control Hue lights as well as get news, weather, and sports and play music. Will be adding other smart home devices over time.
This is an awesome purchase if you already are an Amazon Prime Member. Easy to use, easy access to Amazon Prime music. Numerous choices available, just ask Alexa!
Very fun for the whole family! We have recommended this to our friends.
I was not sure how much we would actually use the echo, but to my delight, we use it all the time. I love that it is so easy to use and I seem to find more and more that I use it for.
I love this, it has so much . Music, Weather. It is worth every penny.
Easy setup. Fun to use. Very helpful. I bought this for my in laws and they love be it! Alexa helps keep up with doctors appt, grocery lists and other important things!
Amazon Alexa is the hottest new electronics product out there and for good reason. We are using it daily and haven't begun to tap its full potential applications.
Works great. So easy to use. Can just ask and I get the answers.
Alexa is a great help in finding answers to questions. She also plays music that I want. You always keep leaning how she can help you.
Got this item during a sale and absolutely love it. It is a lot of fun and easy to use.
Purchased these for our parents as a gift. Easy to use and entertaining. Amazon prime is a must.
This device, which has the latest version of artificial intelligence, is the smartest one I've seen yet. While security questions are a hot topic, I have learned how to mute the device when necessary. Don't let that stop you from having the best multi-use device on the market. Did I mention it has a great wireless speaker too?
I bought this for my wife for Christmas she loves it . Sounds great
Alexa is a great source of knowledge. Love her!!!!
Got this as a gift for my husband. He loves it! Easy to setup and is a nice piece of equipment. Awesome.
I love the Alexa, it's so convenient, I have it in my kitchen so its readily accessible for music and trivia! The sound is great, love the music choices and the shopping list is a fantastic option.
The Echo hub is slick and very easy to set up. The built in mic and speaker are very good. Alexa voice service is totally awesome! A nice perk is that you have access to over a million songs if you are an Amazon Prime member, otherwise you can use any of the other popular music apps.
I was a bit skeptical at first, but the reviews were right. The Echo is great piece of technology! I need to add more smart devices to fully appreciate the capabilities,but great for facts, music, news and weather.My kids love it and my wife too!
The best companion period! Works great with most smart products! A must have!!
We love our new echo. I'm sure as time goes on it will just. Keep getting better with updates.
Very intuitive and convenient! Can ask anything and get reliable and fast responses!
Bought two, one for each of my son's and they have had so much fun, talking to it, each have named their favorite name. Always wanted one, after going to a business meeting where one was demonstrated
Still learning to use the Echo. My new friend Alexa is very informative and fun. Great sound too.
Saw advertisements for it so I thought I buy. Super easy to use.
We like the Echo and use it daily. Have not set up completely.
love t5o listen to my Echo, have to lear4n to talk to alexia so she can understand. grate for parties, just tell alexia what to play--and the party is on. no balky items to carry or to set up. just plug into a outlet, wait for the echo to warm up, after that, its ready to play.
I love my Alexa! I am learning new applications every day.I really like listening to NPR news and to classical music. I have ordered plugs for light control. I am sure I will get into more smart home apps in the future.
this is the best house helper and entertainer. a must for everyone
I use this item everyday. It can be for the time, play music on Spotify, weather, anything. I have the Echo and the Echo dot.
My adult special needs son LOVES Alexa! It's an amazing tool!
Love the echo, worth the price. Very entertaining and good for quick assistance.
Google Alexa questions for a good time. Very good speaker quality and decent volume.
Bought two of these Dots for my granddaughters. One had asked for one - the other did not but both were very happy and excited to get them. Hope they don't use them to do their homework.
Still learning about my Echo but so far just love it!
I love my new Amazon Echo, Alexa. I hooked her up with my new Philips Hue Lights and it's amazing to tell her to turn on/off lights throughout the house. I love when I walk down into the kitchen in the morning and say hello to her, she gives me a history lesson, a joke, the weather, etc.
Christmas gift for 21 yr old son..He loves it Great price was only able to find white one at Best Buy. Great service at Fort MYERS FL store also
From my Philips Hue Lights to my keys, the list goes on. I was skeptical as my house is primarily a Apple Hub. Alexa plays well VERY WELL with others, and is extremely responsive. Don't base your opinions on voice recognition on Siri. Give Alexa a go.
Easy to set up and fun for all ages! Helpful info.
We're all still learning all the tricks we can do. My granddaughter has Alexa read her bed time stories. My son likes her jokes. I like the 7 minute workout.
I love the Amazon Echo. We are having so much fun with it and it was so easy to set up. We're still learning all it can do. I was very satisfied with Best Buy's service and delivery also.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for a family member. He uses it daily and loves it. Very easy to control next with your phone also.
Echo has been a great hit with my children as well as my self. Ordering is so simple it is saving me time.
We are enjoying Alexa. We are learning more about what she does everyday.
Alexa is really great. We also bought the phillips hue lights and the hubs is tickled to death! The grandson likes the short stories she tells with his name! We really like this
I purchased a couple of these to compliment the main unit.I have one in each room, as well in my kitchen, this way I dont have to worry if Alexa heard me or not. They work perfectly.The only downside I have seen so far is , I have a bluetooth speaker that I play music thru, and its paired with one echo, but if you are near a different echo and ask it to play music, it will not default ro the one with the speaker, but start playing thru the echo itself.I have not searched for a work around, and its possible that this is just my own setup mess up.. so I will still give 5 stars.
This was purchased as a gift, but I now have the intention of purchasing for myself, because of how much they love it.
Bought as a gift. Feedback has been 100% positive!
I bought this as gift for daughter and son-in-law. It was easy to set up and has worked perfectly. It's been a lot of fun so I'm going to get one for myself!
Purchased for a xmas present and it has lived up to the hype.
Amazon Echo is great!! Easy to set up and use in your home.
Every home needs one and very reasonable priced! Easy set up
Easy to set up and lots of fun to use. Gives good info.
I plugged it in and helps tremendously with the kids homework as well as let me change the light in my house hands free. Also has a great speaker so I can hear it clearly across the room
I was pleasantly surprised when I got this as a gift. Unlimited fun.
Great for using with smart devices. I now have 3 of them.
Very easy to use. Good to use at parties and entertainment.
My son has always like the idea of a smart home. While that isn't in our future, having Alexa in his room makes him feel like he can walk into his room and request music or have a question answered like he is sone sort of Tony Stark lol. Great buy!
Gave this as a gift to my sisters family. They love it. My brother in law isn't a computer user so he loves just being able to ask questions instead of having to "google" things.
Amazon Echo is the best thing you do not know you need. It is nice to have Prime along with it. The speaker fills the house with nice sets on request. Go get one. And you will soon find you want one in other rooms. Dots do nice here.
Alexa is for me an amazing product that gives you facts, plays your music, can read to you and do lots more. My family loves this new electronic assistant.
They've done a great job with the voice recognition and it works with so many different services and has so many capabilities. Loving Alexa
I bought the Echo for my 30 year old daughter. She loves it. Very useful and works great. Easy to use.
So much fun asking questions and getting weather. Useful timer and calendar. Love playing my Pandora.
This echo simplifies my daily life activities and is worth every penny.
Awesome and expandable to so many different uses. Make sure to get the accessories to really take advantage of the unit.
The Echo is an amazing gadget. It answers questions faster than I could look up the answer online. It is a great alarm clock. It is fun to ask Echo opinion questions, because it often has a great come back answer. It sings, tells jokes, and has one funny bedtime story. It does all this and I have just started learning all it can do.
Got my daughter & son in law this for Christmas and my husband really enjoyed it, so I knew this would make a great gift for his birthday. I was very lucky and got the last one at our Best Buy store. Just set it up and having fun with it !!
My kids love this item. So many things u can do with it. They ask it just about anything and it knows the answer. They set it to their favorite music. Around Christmas we just said play Christmas music and it played a variety of the best songs for as long as we wanted it to.
I love this unit. I'm learning new things I can do with it every day. Lately I've been using it to listen to audible purchases.
The Amazon Echo is worth the cost for the speaker feature alone. I love the ease of being able to tell Alexa what music to play. While I mostly used Alexa for playing music, my whole family enjoys asking her questions. Additionally, the shopping list feature is useful. I look forward to learning about the many ways we can integrate Alexa's skills into our everyday lives.
I love it!!! Bought my daughter one for college and she swears by hers.
I have to admit that I am very pleased with my Echo. It was easy to connect to my Amazon Prime account so we have been enjoying music around the kitchen. It is amazingly easy to use. The speaker is great and we are finding it much more than the gimmick I thought it would be. We have enjoyed it so much that we added two Dots, one for each floor.
The sound from this unit is just incredible and with almost 20 million songs for $3.99 to $7.99 a month depending on the Amazon plan, it just doesn't get any better. Add in the fact it controls all the lights in my home, my Samsung robot vacuum and can answer almost any question I ask her, it is hard to imagine life without my Alexa...
My family got this for Christmas, and I was worried they would like it and/or use it. Boy, was I wrong! They love it and use it everyday. Love all the things it can do -- get one!
The echo works great around the house. From setting timers, to listening to music, to reordering paper towels.
My husband got one for his birthday and I'm the one that uses it the most, I have it paired to my spotify and I just ask Alexa for a song and she plays it for me. I get daily news, weather and I can shop on Amazon. Its awesome
The amazon echo definitely meets expectations! Easy and fun to use!
My son brought me the Echo for my birthday and I absolutely love it. Would recommend this product to everyone
I love that Alexa can be controlled without having to press any buttons. She has a decent amount of range that she can hear your commands from. It does take some timing to get used to her, but soon enough, you'll being to reap all the benefits of an Amazon Echo. Currently I have two Wemo plugs and Phillips Hue lightbulbs set up to my Echo and plan on adding more Alexa-compatible smart devices. I love how easy and seamless it is to get all my devices working off Alexa. It's also a bluetooth speaker and can get very loud. I love that it can connect to my amazon playlist or my spotify playlist and can play any song I want that is available. I highly recommended it to everyone that comes in my home and love to show what she can do.
Very helpful to use around the house and kids love to use too.
This is great. I can turn on music when my hands are dirty & turn it off with my voice. Alexa tells me a joke every day
I bought the Amazon Echo as a gift to my niece! Both her and her family love it! It was easily linked to their wi-fi and it was also easily linked to their amazon accounts!! Great gift!
It's so easy to use and is a lot of fun to have. Alexa has become part of our house and family
Bought 3 of these for gifts. I am in love with Alexa. She learns new things daily and is easy to understand.
Flawless from Amazon great product and works all the time possibilities endless
This is the coolest! Love it as do my young kids. We are adding skills every day and continue to add devices such as the nest thermo and the lifx bulbs
This is one of the coolest things I own. With the 3.99 music unlimited plan I can request any song or album plus all of the wiki and current news/weather features. New content and features are added daily.
Bought this for my son and daughter-in-law for Christmas. Had so much fun asking Alexa questions when we visited. Especially useful for weather forecast before heading out for a day of sightseeing!
Best gadget to gift someone. They would just love it.
From what I am told, it is excellent! Was a gift...
So many ways to use this. Easy, fun, and helpful to have around.
Bought as a gift and it's easy to use must have for yourself
Echo technology becomes addictive. The more you use it, the smarter Alexa becomes, learns more about your likes, music etc.I was apprehensive for nothing.
This item is fantastic. Nice sound. Lots of things to use it for
The Amazon Echo was a wonderful Christmas gift. Anything you want to know, just ask Alexa and she will answer!
Having so much fun with my Echo. It is full of things to do once you get used to how to ask it. You have to say the name of the skill before you can ask a question. Once you get the hang of it, it is great. There is still so much more that it can do that I haven't yet discovered. You won't regret this purchase.
It's not the best speaker I've ever had, but for the price of what you're getting, it's pretty fantastic. Easy to interact with and lots of capabilities that are always expanding every week.
Great addition for those that are building onto your smart home. Great connection with nest, hue lights and august lock. Have two dots as well. Great machines!
No complaints. I use it mostly for music. If you want it for daily amazon deals you have to turn on 1 click order. Not sure if I like that feature.
The Echo is great! Excellent sound and Alexa is very responsive to voice commands. Amazon got this right. Makes Siri look ridiculous. Just starting to understand all of the uses but a great speaker/system
There are so many uses for this. From shopping online to playing music to playing games. This also can be used for homework help.
I purchased this for my 82 year old mom as a Christmas present. I was extremely easy to set up for her. She is enjoying it a lot as well as I am whenever I visit her
Love my Amazon Echo! Does all sorts of really cool things.
I purchased the Amazon Echo for my boyfriend as a birthday gift and he absolutely loved it. He uses it for everything from news, weather to recipes and music. It's perfect for in the kitchen or living room. It also can be programmed for various things, it's awesome!
I ended up buying the Echo on sale. I was thrilled once Alexa was set up, which by the way is easy. I just bought another one on sale and gave it as a gift. A must have for sure if you like technology, Alexa is helpful and a lot of fun.
Got this gift for my mother and she's constantly using it. She's fun to use and the speakers are amazing. Considering In getting one for myself. Love this product!
I absolutely love Alexa, she can now play from my iTunes library when connected to my phone via Bluetooth. She is remarkable and I would choose Alexa over google voice.
I purshased this as a gift for my husband since he has Amazon Prime already, It was so easy to set up, and works great, he can check his calendar, play his music, ask her questions, get the days news report,& even get a joke for the day. Lots of fun & interesting facts. Love it
I love my echo. There's not much you can't ask Alexa. Very informative.Great sound when listening to music. And the games are fun to play with friends. I wouldn't trade it for nothing else!
I control everything and am having a blast. So cool
This device is absolutely amazing. We use it for something everyday.
Alexa is very much fun and informative. Definitely a must for the modern life
Echo is awesome. A talking computer of information, music, knowledge of light bulb apps, furnace apps. garage door app. Simply amazing. Give yourself a gift you will love "Echo"
The Echo is absolutely amazing, I have it controlling so many things in my house! And all tied to my iPhone
Ok, my wife wanted this thing... I thought it was just another fad, Siri without the Apple... I was very wrong. The sound is amazing, streaming music as an amazing prime member is easy and the song selection spectacular. There are so many things it can do, and i have read home security will be linked in soon... worth the price.
Love the Echo. East set up. Lots of fun. Can't wait to get more smart devices to get to work with it.
Love the ease of use. Can listen to music and make shopping lists that go directly to my phone. Discovering new uses everyday.
The echo is perfect, really enjoying all the things that Alexa can do, excited to finally have this!!
Alexa, where have you've been all of my life? I love the Echo. I have one in nearly every room of the house. The sound is amazing and it's great being able to get information, just by asking questions. It even turns my lights on and off.
This is a very fun and useful devise. Very easy to setup! It has great sound. I was able to setup with the apps to turn on/off my TV along with my lights. I love how there are so many new apps. I can't wait to connect it to my Sonos speakers.I love it so much I purchase several of the Amazon Dot for my family members for Christmas gifts.
Very happy... excited to continue to learn more about what Echo can do
Gave this as a Christmas gift & they loved it. I had to buy a couple more!
These are a great tool to have at home or office. I would highly recommend for anyone. Simple and easy to use.
Great Xmas gift, every one loved it. It came within 2 days of ordering.. I should have ordered one for myself.
I love the echo and adding the 2nd to our house has made it possible to synchronize our family. We use it to manage our shopping list and schedule everything. The echo also sounds great in the larger rooms.
I love my Echo. I also got a couple of Echo dots to go with it. I have one in almost every room. It is a great wireless speaker, it is a great home automation system. I think Amazon is far ahead of the others this time.I am using my Echo to listen to music, news, get traffic reports, get weather reports, check my calendar, set alarms, timers. I use Alexa to control my smart lights, smart blinds, alarm system, smart thermostats,... I can control almost all my smart devices using Echo and Alexa. I think one area of improvement would be to have Echo/Alexa to act on triggers that connected smart devices generate.
Alexa is so simple to set up and so fun to use. We love it and use it all of the time. We keep it in the kitchen so it's easily accessible.
Love my Echo. I look forward to new apps as they become available. I especially enjoy the daily greetings and the timers which really come in handy when cooking.
I bought an Amazon Fire tablet for my sister some years back (she didn't want anything more in her life that was techie but she did love the large tablet) and she uses it a lot. I got the Amazon Echo for her for Christmas and it is a great complement to the Fire tablet. With very minimal training (5 minutes) she can call up music channels from Pandora, play her own music, ask about the weather and lots of other stuff that she may not do but could do. It is very helpful to use the apps on the Fire tablet to set the Pandora channels, and otherwise tweak the Echo.
Absolutely LOVE my Echo! Sound is much louder than I expected it to be so it's very easy to hear!! Great for playing music and she'll play anything you want to hear!! The shopping list feature is awesome and the fact that it goes right to my phone so I can check it at the store is great!! Highly recommend!!
Love the ease and convenience of Amazon Echo......there are so many things that "she" can do with just a "voice command". Our favorite is turning on the lights, controlling the NEST, and playing music!!
Love alexa. She truly is a personal secretary. 2 thumbs up
I absolutely love my amazon echo! The echo has so many features, it really is like having a personal assistant. You can get music, news, books and more on demand. The echo is easy to link to any accounts, and easy to link up with any home devices compatabile with the echo. The sound quality is great, and the range is excellent as well. Highly recommend!!
We use our Amazon Echo daily for music, shopping and to do lists, timers, and the weather. Because the Echo is hands free it's like have a personal assistant. We loved "Alexa" so much we purchased a dot for the Master bedroom.
This device is fun with all the different apps you can use. Great speaker quality too.
Amazon Echo, "Alexa" is great! The Echo has a fantastic speaker so when you want to hear some 80s hits or modern jazz or relaxing background music, just ask! It is really helpful for those little trivia bits of info you wonder about when you're watching TV and usually look up on your phone, then end up checking your email, Facebook, etc and miss half of the show. We have HUE lights in 3 rooms of our house which operate with a phone app. They are great (I definitely recommend them also), but it is wonderful to be able to ASK to have the lights turned on when you need to go to the kitchen in the dark or when your hands are full...or at night when you need all the lights off. It's very user friendly, just one app and about 2 minutes sets the whole thing up. I gave it to my husband for Christmas. It's the best gift ever!
Great product. It is very easy to use. Does what it's says it will do.
This product is exceptional. It understands voice commands 99% of the time. It also improves over time with use.
I have the Echo, Echo Dot and both work excellent with my Wink Hub and Nest thermostat. No complaints so far.
I used this on a daily basis. One of the best gadget so far!
I'm an IT Director so would put myself on a higher level of technical capabilities... My wife is an average PC and smart phone user and has been gracious enough to put up with my desire to add automation to my home. Hands down we both agree that adding this was the best decision ever. Prior to adding the Amazon Echo to our home we would have to use the controller on the wall or an app on our phones to control lights, door locks, garage doors and thermostats. With a little bit of searching online you can find all the help you need to get Alexa linked to your other services and accounts. My Wink home automation shortcuts can now be set off by voice command. When I walk in the door with my arms full I simply say "Alexa, turn on entry lights". When it is time for the kids to get settled down I say "Alexa, trigger reading mode" and all lights are set to the desired levels. Time for bed? "Alexa, trigger night mode" and all lights shut off, garage door closes (if left open) and all deadbolts lock on exterior doors. Ask "Alexa, what's up?" and she gives current time, temps, forecast and top news. When we sat down with the kids to open Christmas gifts... "Alexa, play some classic Christmas music". No, I don't work for Amazon... I'm simply amazed at how far things have come. Get this product, be patient and do research if you are having issues and I'd be willing to bet that you'll love this product.
I love my Echo. I am always asking Alexa new things. I also show her off to my friends and family. It's amazing what she can do. I also like the fact she can be "updated" with new things and I don't have to go out and purchase something to make this happen. I fun new technology with a great price point!
This is my second Echo. If you are NOT into home automation, the speaker is worth the price just as a speaker. However, if you have an amazon Prime membership, the Echo really shines with access to prime music and other Amazon services. It is also a good way to start into home automation. I personally have the wink Hub and Relays; Alexa (Echos Siri) integrates perfectly with Wink and IFTTT. I am placing Echos in rooms where I want Wireless music and the dots in the rest of the rooms to control my Smart devices from anywhere in the house.
Love the voice control activation. Being hands free is great. Just ask it a question or give it a command and it's done. Only problem I have is it won't sync with my hue light system. Once I get this problem solved, it will be all heaven.
I already own one and love it. Decided to give one as a gift. Makes it easy to purchase future add on gifts, e.g. Dot, WEMO.
Would recommend to others to purchase for a gift or everyday use
I bought the Amazon Echo when it first came out, and I loved it so much that I purchased one for another room in my house. Easy set up, great sound quality, and Alexa is very knowledgeable and informative.
This is larger than the dot but it provides a nice built-in speaker. I use it in my bedroom, where there are no external receiver/speakers and leave the dot downstairs connected to a larger speaker.
best christmas gift ever for myself. My kids loves it also
I use it a lot everyday to control my lights (with TP-LINK bulbs)Setup was extremely easy. it understands me better than Siri
We use Alexa with our Hue system to control our lights. We never manually turn on our lights anymore-- "Alexa-- Family room on!" It's fantastics.It's great to ask questions and play music. Our family loves it.
We use this all the time. It is great for information and music
Echo seems to be a great addition to the home. Seems to do a great job understanding you.
I love my Echo!!! I think you should buy one too!!!
Gave as a gift, they love it! There are new things to love about it everyday!
A perfect gift for family members is getting them an Alexa and providing them the opportunity to enjoy and benefit from all the functionality Alexa provides. This was a big hit for our oldest son and his wife and family!
Got this for my husband for Christmas. He's not all that computer/electronics literate but he had no problems setting it up. We love asking her to tell us jokes! Great sound quality. Loved it so much we bought an Echo Dot too.
I am a HUGE Amazon Fan. I have ( 3 X ) Amazon Fire Tablets I have ( 2 X ) Amazon Fire TVS the 1st and 2nd Generation, I am an Amazon Prime Member, I have the Echo and the Dot. The Amazon Echo is amazing, it works extremely well - especially if you have Prime. The Echo sounds great for its size I would say the only saw back is the Base could sound a little better. BUT all in all I am very happy with this product.
Any time any thing just ask...and she's getting smarter everyday
Purchased the Echo for my wife for Christmas. She loves to use it throughout the day asking questions, playing music and adding items to her shopping list. It is very useful and also easy to set up and use.
This device is quite delightful.The interractions can be fun.
We love our Echo. It has been a fun toy for all in the family. She updates us on weather, plays music, tells us the news and even tells us jokes!
This was the fourth ECHO we have purchased. The first one was for home, an award from RealtyUSA.com. The last three were Christmas presents for all the Grandchildren. they just love it. When we are out our dogs listen to classical music on the ECHO!
The echo is really fun and can do so much. The family loves it
The Amazon Echo is fun and easy to set-up and use. Very useful.
Friends who have Amazon Prime were delighted to have the Amazon music library as well as all the other services at voice command. With the Amazon app on the smart phone they got shopping lists and many other linked services. It was the "best gift ever."
Easy to set up and use. Good volume and pre loaded lists. Seems to have good range and can be used in a large area.
Great price, sounds great ,it can do alot of stuff
Great product, works as expected. Cool features, my kids love it.
We have several Alexa units throughout our home and love the way it will control lights, TV, and Thermostats.
Love this amazon did a great job with design for it
This thing is cool! Paired with smart switches helps my mom turn her lights on and off without getting up.
Bought it to use with my WeMo devices and it works like a charm. Alexa is my new best friend!
I love it would recommend to a friend .Have fun with family asking questions and great with music.
Got this for the wife for Christmas. We are prime members. She and the kids 4&7 year olds love Alexa being able to play music or have her tell a joke just by saying aleXa play me this or tell me a joke is a trip
I like it the echo works good to, I am going to buy another
This was the hit of Christmas!! Worth every penny. So much fun. So many capabilities.....too many to list.
product is very intuitive and easy to use. works well with the phillips light system
My family has enjoyed the amazon echo..it gives us the opportunity to listen to different types of music . My family loves sports and they like asking Alexa questions about sports .
Everyone is able to use this. Even the 4 and 5 year old grand kids .
The Echo is fun and informative, it is also easy to use. & it hears my voice from anywhere in the room.
This is a great product to have in your in house/ I bought a Belkin WeMo outlet with it and told Alexa to turn my Christmas tree on. Really cool
Love using it for the music and to keep a grocery list! She is the best. I bought 3 for my adult daughters for xmas.
I love my Echo. Working to fully automate my home and this is just the beginning. Love love love it
I already had a Echo but the wife apparently liked it more than me and took it over. I bought a Dot for about $120. Less than the Echo and personally prefer that. The wife decided she wanted another Echo for the basement. They are both great and work well with my Nest thermostat. If you get one you will love it. It takes a little time to figure out the best way to ask things from it so it responds correctly the first time. Bought it on sale for $50. Off.
The echo is a great addition to our house. Love that you can ask her anything. It always answers instant. Wife uses the timer all the time. Plus now she listens to music all the time.
I got this as a present for my wife. She really likes it. She uses it to check out the weather before going out. It is able to tell her what her fit-bit count is without her having to open her laptop or her phone app. We can have it play Pandora or i-heart radio. And it keeps track of our shopping list.
We've had a great time with Alexa. For entertainment, and for smart home uses. She remains an infant and I'm hopeful for expanded technology. It's going to be a must have in the future.
easy to set upgreat musicamazinggreat addition to the kitchen countertop
Lots of fun, but also very useful. Have it connected to my Nest Thermostat and going to connect it to my Casta Wireless switches. The speaker has great bass for its size. Search YouTube videos for tips and tricks. It does more then you think,
It is a lot of fun and my grandkids have a ball with it . Even my 3 yrs old can talk to it , he has fun asking for songs.
While Alexa doesn't know all the answers to our questions she is surprisingly smart and is getting smarter. We haven't tapped into all her features yet choosing to savor each new discovery. We are very pleased and having a great time with our new family member.
My children love our new guest.. they love asking it everything and it has the answer
My girls love asking Alexa to play specific songs they want to listen too. They also enjoy seeing how smart she is by asking her to figure out homework questions.
Amazon Echo's are great. Easy to use voice control.
I have had friends who told me how great the Exho is. Now I totally believe them. I love the easy access to our Amazon music and morning weather and news while we're preparing lunches. Super easy to set up on our network. No complaints so far.
Love this item, it really is amazing what it can do.
I really love the Amazon Echo. One of it's great hidden features is that it can read any of your Kindle books to you. I plan on using it with my TV once I purchase the Harmony device by Logitech.
We've had a lot of fun programing and working with the Amazon Echo. Great product with solid utility around the family living space - we use it to get news, weather and even turn on the TV (and associated devices)!!! Works great and constantly updated. So pleased that we bought one for one of my brothers and his family.
It really is amazing that it not only answers your questions but also can find and play your favorite music!
syncing issue, but once resolved alexa works fine! becareful not to say alexa or echo too loud if you don't want her to answer. make sure your question is clear. the response is immediate- it is amazing and freaky! now we really don't have to recall anything because we can ask alexa.
Gift to my granddaughter for Christmas. She loves it. Works great. I also purchased a stand for Alexa and gives it support.
Alexa is amazing. Keeps me and my kids entertained for hours everyday.
Really enjoys it and all the different options you can use it for!
I bought my Echo when it first came out. I Love It! It made a very nice Christmas gift. My mother was thrilled. I thought I knew a lot of things to ask it but she has me beat already. She lives alone and loves having it "talk to her". She's hooked up her lights to it (by herself) and loves that she can have the lights turned on before she heads downstairs. I don't walk out the door without asking Alexa the weather for the day. It's a fun thing to play around with stupid questions, she has quite the sense of humor!
Great product works great easy to hookup sounds awesome
I love this best gadget I have bought in a long time
Even if your home sin't hooked up with all the technology to go with it, it will still be the best speaker you ever bought. And if you have amazon prime, you can hook her up to it! Love it, but be careful! cause once you get it,you probably won't be able to go back to other wireless speakers again!
I initially bought an echo because of the Hue light system and Nest Thermostat control that it can give with just your voice. While these things work wonderfully, boy was I surprised when I discovered many of the other things it can do! My wife and I are avid readers, but with two small children, we don't have the time as often anymore. We were surprised to see that alexa could not only play audio books, but could read ANY book from our kindle library! Additionally the sound quality is quite good for the size of the device. My only (minor) complaint is that the bass sound is lacking some at higher volumes. Otherwise, you should most certainly buy one!
Got a present for sister who's not very technically inclined. Setup was a breeze and she was surprised/scared at what it could do right out of the box!
The Amazon Echo does everything for us from setting our thermostats to turning lights and tvs on and off. We recommend it to anyone looking for something that will help make your smart home products even smarter.
We love our echo! Alexa is very useful. Especially for my mom. Can turn the lights o and off while not moving!
Great sound and smart just wish the volume didnt have to b manually turned.
This device works as well as all the reviews have claimed. It was so simple to set up and works very well.
Sound is great. Voice control excellent and works with other ambient noise. Great for music, facts ,news and general info.
Alexa is great with the minor things like weather and music. I really enjoy how easy the set up is for other smart devises and the ease of operation.
Alexa is a great gadget. She is fun and can be very helpful. A great companion
Great product.. lots of fun for the family.I would highly recommend
Alexa is very responsive to questions, requests, and plays music. Also works as an alarm clock. And plays games.
They love themOne of the best gifts they have received from usWe are going to purchase for ourselves
The Echo has great sound quality and is amazing in the ability to play music.
Finally a woman who listens to me ;) Great sound from the speaker and great voice recognition. My third echo and I'm loving all it can do.
This was a gift for my daughter and her family. Everyone has discovered their own favorite uses for "Echo". Mom loves to use it to set multiple timers and check weather, kids play "Bingo" and Dad quickly gets news updates to start the day. I am pleased that everyone in the family has found a use for this gift. Very happy with my purchase!
Alexa has become part of our family. We love listening to music with it.
So far the Alexa Echo is very easy to use. I like the media and Amazon order follow up features best.
Got it for my daughters birthday. We all enjoyed the echo. Thinking of getting another for myself.
Very entertaining and helpful! Kids enjoy it as much as us adults do!
Easy set up, fun to use and sound quality is surprisingly good in our large open area.
Easy to setup and easy to use. It was a gift and my husband loves it
I love its skills. Plays music, Smarthouse features, spells words, etc.
Christmas present for a friend. They absolutely love it!
My Amazon Alexa is amazing . I have it hooked to my smart devices as well . She was a little stubborn when first set up but with tech support the problem was soon taken care of .
I bought this echo dot as a fourth member to our echo family. I absolutely love it.
The echo has provided idea many hours of great music ,laughter and info.
Very easy to set up. Just plug in and ask her questions. Haven't used parental controls so can't say anything about that.
I absolutely love the Echo. It works great with home automation devices. I love how I can use it with Pandora.
These are really cool I got them for my parents and they really enjoy them.
This item is great and fun to play with. I bought it for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it. Will probably purchase one for myself. I think it's nice to tell it to cut off the lights and turn down the music your playing without having to get up and cutit off. I love it when my son yells from his room and Ithe an hear him and does what it is told.
So fun and useful. We play with it and rely several task with it.
Great product for a reasonable price. A lot of fun!
great fun to use easy I used it to automate my house and set my schedule
Alexa works very well and will connect to many of your automated home systems. There's a great amount of freestanding applications as well.
I'm having so much fun with Alexa no glitches so easy to work
Opened the box and was able to quickly and easily hook up to my wifi. Great to play music through.
Very easy to use, excellent sound for music listening, able to use it to control all my smart home items, highly recommend
Christmas gift that I use way more than I thought I would. Feel like hearing a song or an album or a genre when I get home. Sounds great too.
Amazon echo is excellent all it does is make you lazy haha! Get it!
The echo is a great item. It's like having a personal secretary!
This is a lot of fun to work with, also I'm still learning different things she can do.Love being able to turn lights on with my voice.Just amazing
Still so many things to learn but I really appreciate the quality of the speaker, has great sound.she is very responsive and polite.
Amazon's Echo is quite amazing. Always responds accurately. Great sound from its speakers.
Bought the Alexa as a Christmas gift family and co-workers. They all have raved about Alexa being their "best friend". Unfortunately, I didn't get one for myself.
Really smart and quick with answers. Reminders and alarms are great. Have to be careful on how loud you say alexia when talking because it is very sensitive. Great product.
Works very well, even after the novelty wore off we have found it entertaining and useful,
The echo is fun and practical. Alexia is a joy to talk to and ask questions. The speaker in the unit has great sound quality. The possibilities are limitless.
If you love music or any kind of general information she can find it for you have it there and a quality of the sound is over what I expected
Love everything about it. It is a handy device and is a great speaker.
This is by far one of the best purchases I've made in a while. I'm enjoying all the different forms of music available by just asking "Alexa".
I love the echo. I can get news weather and even a joke.
The speaker is great and the microphone is good but overall works just as needed.
Love being able to walk in from work and ask Alexa to play whatever music I'm in the mood for. Get up in the morning and have the news read to me as I get ready for the day.
A great buy as a second wife to my husband! She has all the answer without the smart mouth, she listen and most of all she shut's her mouth!
This was gift, and it was totally unexpected. It is amazing. I cant wait connect it to other equipment. The TV, The Thermostat. It's like being Captain Kirk.
Enjoying this product. Easy to set up and the speakers are great. So nice to have a device that respond so well. Love the music, news, weather updates, and jokes.
I bought the amazon echo for a Christmas present and they loved it.
One of the best purchases i have ever made. It works seamlessly
I love my echo does everything I need it to do. Go amazon
Product works as described. Product was also very easy to install and set up.
Got this as a Christmas gift for my father. So far (it's Feb now) he loves it and enjoys having Alexa tell him the news or the weather. Easy to set up and nice to be able to have music on demand without having to open any apps or turn anything on.
I like it my wife use it everyday to does what it say
The echo looks very classy and it works flawlessly and very responsive to voice commands
Was at a family members house. This is cool so I bought one
Alexa is so much fun. Love the jokes and the ability to get any information I need by simply asking
I bought this for my 87 year old nother who lives alone and I have to say it has far exceeded my wildest dreams. It is easy to learn, easy to train, and has a wealth of aps and tricks you can teach it. I feel like my mom is far safer now with this in the living room and the dot in the rear of the house. Better yet, it actually keeps track of what is asked so there is even a dianostic element to it that can aid in tracking decline in seniors.
I would recommend the echo to anyone who is looking for a smart home device.
Really cool device. Always finding something new to do with it
Love my Echo. Has amazing stereo sound and has lots of new items added on a regular basis. I use it for nites, reminders, timers, setting alarms, music and general knowledge.
I love being able to use voice activation for anything from playing music to making an Amazon purchase.
I love the fact I can tell it to play a song or turn the lights on and not have to get up!
Have a few issues. Not sure if its my set up in my home automation. Maybe it's just me. But overall, fantastic job by Amazon.
this device is awesome. all reviews and produt demo is correct.
Lots of enjoyment. Beautiful speaker great sound great listening pleasure
Alexa is so amazing, this is a wonderful new member of our family .she is so smart and constantly updates her self. Now I would be lost without her.
It is a great voice control device that help daily life around the house. The mic pickup is very sensitive ND can pickup my commands from across the room with TV on. It retrieve s all kind of information such as nrws, weather etc. Great music player. Love it!!
use everyday around the house and outside and travel
I think it's great and for people who aren't to fimiliar with technology is easy to understand
Got for a gift for inlaws and they were able to figure it out pretty quickly
would buy again , amazing product would buy again best has great service
Bought this as a gift for a wedding and the couple could not be any happier. Very easy to use and fun to experiment with.
My buddy got me this for Christmas. It is great to stream music. My wife got me a Prime account and we can now watch movies, listen to music, etc just by asking Alexa.
The amazon echo is a fun and easy to use device. Sound quality for music is excellent and Alexa answers questions easily. Definitely a must have if you subscribe to prime as you have lots of music choices. Highly recommend the echo.
I bought the Echo for my son and daughter-in-law and they loved it. After Christmas I decided to get one for me and the wife. I really didn't think I would like it, but it turned out to be my favorite new tech toy. I already had a Honeywell smart thermostat and quite a few WEMO light switches. Now instead of getting out my iPhone to turn on the light, or change the thermostat, I just say "Alexa, turn the bedroom lights on" or "Alexa, turn the thermostat to 74 degrees". Best tech toy of the year!
i was hesitant about the echo i used att a friends house loved it
Alexa is a terrific tool for automating smart home functions such as turning on and off lights, locking doors, etc.
How did I live without Alexa! Echo is phenomenal and the technology and response from Alexa is very impressive. A must buy for techies!
Really great item to have and would definitely recommend it
Bought as a Christmas gift for my husband, he loves it, user friendly and fun to have, so glad I went ahead and bought it. I am thinking of getting the echo dot for myself
Echo is a great addition to the home especially since we have WeMo products in the house and able to control lights throughout the house by simply telling Alexa. Great sound in the kitchen to listen to music with Amazon's Prime music library.
The Amazon Echo is a great item help you with everyday things. Music, notes, shopping list, timers, etc.
I purchased 2 one for my wife the other for my college aged daughter both are enjoying the product immensely !
great product She is very smart. easy to use and display.
Bought it as a Christmas for a family member. She uses it everyday. The music sounds great!!!
We love the shopping list feature. The timer is great too. We feel spoiled!
Purchased this for my neighbor and their kids and they love it!! The kids enjoy and have endless hours of fun by simply speaking to the Alexa and they cannot believe it speaks back or answers their questions! We have enjoyed this product very much!
I have my Alexa in the kitchen on counter, and it is fun to ask questions about weather, sing songs and about recipes. I bought 2 of these, 1 for me and 1 for my neighbor, we both LOVE it! It's fun to speak out loud and interact with Alexa. Thanks for making a great product Amazon!!
I love my echo she is so nice. And its nice to have someone to talk to sometimes
Seemed pretty simple to set up. Thinking about getting one for myself.
Alexa really works. I was sceptical at first, now she is part of the family. I'm cooking , I have three different things on the go, microwave, stovetop, and outside on the grill; all need to be pulled off the heat at different times. No problem , I just ask Alexa to set timers for each item as I go along, awesome! Time to watch a movie now , " Alexa turn off living room lights " The lights dim and she confirms with "OK " - nice. A little bit too warm, " Alexa, set temperature to 69 " The air-conditioner comes on ,magical . My nephew does not like what we are cooking, " Alexa open Domino's " she asks for my order choice, within seconds Dominos has the order, paid for , arrives on time . This is truly one of the coolest devices I have ever purchased . I almost forgot, anytime I want to hear a piece of music that I loved from my past I just call it out and she can pull it up right there and then I can listen to it, in near Bose quality sound , Magic!!!!
Works great! A must for every home. Bought as a Christmas gift and now getting one for ourselves.
My family and i have a great time with ECHO. it is easy enough for my 4 year old to use for whatever she wants. great product.
I got this as a b-day gift for my mom who has severe macular degeneration. She loves being able to ask Alexa questions and get immediate answers!
The Echo was a great purchase. As a whole, we ordered groceries, batteries and everything else just buy asking Alexa. The deals of the day are fantastic as well, just ask Alexa what the deal of the day is!
I have a sounds system to hookup the dot to so i bought this one as a gift for my father. He loves it and learns new things to use it for everyday
my wife bought this product for my office. I love to play songs and get the weather.
Been lots of fun and for a Star Trek Fan to be able too say Hello Computer and just go from there is making my day. We have two of them now so have one on each side of the house.
I have had nothing but great experiences with Alexa... everything works as expected, the sound quality is good as well as the speech recognition. I would recommend it highly!
This is used daily in my house. I would highly recommend this product and buy it for a gift for a friend.
Useful and fun. Good quality. Good packaging and shipping was easy and fast.
takes a little to set up but works great and improves each day
The Bluetooth speaker is nice very loud and I love how it connects to my Hue! Which makes controlling my lights so simple and being able to listen to radio stations such as IHeartradio.
Can't believe how much fun we have had with our new echo. Love all the music we can listen too so quickly.
This is a great product that is also a lot of fun.
Sounds great, easy to use. Love the shopping list feature
I am amazed with this item, all the tasks it's capable of doing. What I especially like is that I can name it (4) different ways. I'm still recovering from cancer of the tongue and have a hard time pronouncing certain words. I have a hard time with Alexa, Echo and Amazon. With the addition of COMPUTER, it works perfectly. Very happy with this purchase!!!
I just need to learn about all the ways I can use this. But love it so far!
Great product and works as described - easy to learn
Love it. Purchased a second device for upstairs and downstairs. Good buy!
Works great, excellent voice recognition, tells great jokes too.
This is my third Echo. The secret is the array of microphones. It hears you over music and in your natural speaking voice. Very helpful and a good speaker. Easiest way ever to connect your phone to a Bluetooth speaker. "Alexa, Bluetooth connect," and you are done.
Amazon has hit it out of the park with this one simply amazing.
Alexa is awesome!!! She tells jokes, plays my favorite music by requests, sets timers for me.
Alexa is fun to use and the speaker is plenty loud for my bedroom. Haven't installed anything for home animation yet.
The Echo is very entertaining and informative. It is an excellent speaker too.
I Love my Alexa. You can ask almost anything. Great to hear music of all genre with. I will probably get an Alexa Dot for the den.
We love! This was a great buy she's so helpful with everyday stuff.
I love Alexa. Cannot wait to set up smart home and fully utilize all that Alexa has to offer. The Amazon music feature is a wonderful bargain!
I heart Alexa!! I use the shopping list app and use it to stream music all the time. My kids love asking it jokes and riddles. My only complaint is that I want a second one. Whenever I move it to a different room it can be a pain. It takes it a while to reconnect and it can be aggrivating. As long as I don't move it (unplug it) I'm fine!
It was easy to setup and fun to interact with Alexa.
Alexa is a fun tool if you have Amazon Prime. You can dictate songs, set timers, talk to her if you have no friends. Pretty fun.
Alexa is a lot of fun! I use it every morning to get the news, and to listen to music.
I love my Echo! Very entertaining and informative.
I think this Echo is the most "awesome" and high tech product and a lot of fun. I impress my friends and family. They think it's great also.
This is a great product. My wife says it's my new girlfriend. It works with so many apps I have, Our Groceries, Wemo my Honeywell thermostat.I liked it so much my wife bought me the Amazon Dot for my birthday.
I just love this product can't wait to add to it and be able to turn on and off lights.
Very great purchase. She gives the weather and sports
Simply amazing! Forgot how much I love having music on in the background during the day and with access to Prime Playlists it's an outstanding deal. Weather forecasts, "who's that actor that was in....", set an alarm for a reminder, add items to shopping list, trivia questions-you name it, Alexa does it. Tell her goodnight, and she responds kindly with goodnight. Been on the fence for awhile about purchasing this and now I am so glad I went for it
Amazon Echo is amazing. It works perfectly in my room. Does the job done.
Still learning how to get the most out of my new Echo but so far it is fun and very useful and informative.
Alexa is super easy to set up. Works great even if you're not a Amazon Prime member, but if you have Prime the added benefits are awesome! I added this to my echo dot.
alexa is awesome. So many things she can do. Set alarms, shopping lists, answer questions, change the temperature of my home! I can't wait to add light controls to the many things she can do. She is the first step to making my home a smart home!
The kids just absolutely love this, they get to ask her questions or listen to jokes. I love to listen to the music when doing house work or even working outside. It is nice that you can turn the music up or down through Alexa instead of going to the device and turning it up or down.
Easy set up. Easy to use and great assistance to have. It's like having the Internet as your own personal butler.
I think that it is easy to use and has a really nice sound
Great to interact with a product by voice that can provide information as well as enjoyment
Bought this for my husband and he loves it, so easy for him to get information, he's not one for computers and this is a magnificent substitute for his needs.
I love how you can play Spotify, Audible and set alarms and sleep timers at the sound of your voice. The Echo does a great job understanding what I am saying as well. Great purchase!
This product is a total entertainer from being a bluetooth speaker to like a "Siri" where you can ask all sorts of questions. It's very informative like the weather of the day, traffic info. It can also tell jokes which my kids find hilarious. It's always updating to do more stuff, like the recent news breaks!
Alexa rocks! Knows everything! Never talks back! A perfect roommate!
We hooked this into our control 4 system and just love using it to turn lights on and off ....along with tv's and tv lifts
I love it from the first moment, would love to be more intercative.
Wow, Alexa does it all! I can ask for pretty much anything, and I add new skills for her to learn all the time. It works perfect!
The Echo is quick to setup, easy to move around the house and outside to listen to music. I love my new friend Alexa and all the features that come with this product.
I love my Amazon Echo so much that I had to buy one for work too.Now all my friends want one. It entertains all ages from kids to adults. Helps with my book keeping, and keeps me up to date one the news. She has a sense of humor too! II can't wait to have Alex control my electronics.
My 88-year-old sister-in-law spends many hours each day alone. She has macular degeneration and is not able to read or use a computer. The Amazon Echo has been a "friend and companion" by making it possible for her to get answers quickly to all the questions on her mind and to select music that she wants to hear.
I went back and forth for quite some time about purchasing the Echo. I watched many YouTube videos and reviews as well as reading a lot about the product itself. I finally caught it on sale and used to gift cards to buy it despite protests from my wife. I have to say Alexa is pretty intuitive and has no issues recognizing my voice. There are times when you have to word a sentence specifically but that is just a minor annoyance. Amazon has done a great job updating the Echo weekly and adding relevant skills such as package tracking and even flight status. I use it mostly for news, weather, shopping lists, reminders, movie times, timers, and occasionally some music. If you have any smart appliances then controlling them with Alexa is really cool. I only have a smart plug right now but it is great to walk in to a dark room and just ask Alexa to turn the light on or when you are about to go to bed and do not want to walk in the dark, just ask Alexa to turn the light off once u are there. As long as it is a reasonable distance of course. I admit it is a bit pricey so one should really look at their possible uses because I could see the novelty wearing off for some but for me it is a keeper.
This product is so fun! We got it for my Dad for his birthday and he hooked it up right away and everyone had fun trying to stump Alexa! Also, we played every type of music, and she got information on a restaurant for us and you can control volume and everything by voice command. It is the first "robot" we have in our home!! Highly recommend this product. I am buying another one today!
Alexa is amazing. Music is easy to get, either from Amazon or Pandora. Alexa easily understands commands. Wish others in my family responded as well as she does.
Works well while in the kitchen are covered in food.
work great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is an amazing piece of hardware. The Amazon Echo is very user friendly and my girlfriend loves how the echo interfaces with her Phillips Hue and simple it is to operate. I am definitely looking at getting another one for my mother for her birthday in the upcoming months.
Like it, this product is very powerful and useful.
This a cool little product. Alexa is easy to use and responsive. Would buy again.
This system is very informative and fun! My daughter's and grand daughter enjoy. Requesting music selections to listen to.
This thing is great! It connects to everything! Thank you Best Buy!
His amazon echo is a must for a smart home Apliance.
I have more fun with this thing I'm much more likely to play music or check the temperature or news, because Alexia is constantly attached to my network and is always charged and ready to go. There's no pairing required, so I simply call out her name and she responds. There is always a battle between me and my teenager, trying to outshout Alexa instructions, so we can hear the music that we like best!
Intuitive little gadget that helps with everyday tasks and information. I like that it's portable and I can take it outside when I want.
The echo is very cool. The voice commands take a little practice but the options are fantastic. Totally recommend.
Alexa is really great, I use her everyday requesting musics with my son. I also use integrating with my philips hue.
Have been very happy with it. Am using this as the control point for wifi enabled lighting system, sound system tv controls etc
Echo is a fun and practical unit. Plays great music and controls my lights. Love it.
The echo is still in the beginning stages of AI but is still great to have in your home. I loved how I could speak in another room in a normal voice and echo will work on command.
I like this thing I have it turning on lights in and out of the house it good for getting info about things it can do math it can hear very good and will play music from my Pandora account that's just a few things it can do.
Echo is a great first step into using smart things. Linking it with your amazon account allows you to stream music from amazon prime or your amazon cloud. you can add items to shopping lists, ask questions, etc. You can then start adding smart devices in the home to control. The possibilities continue to grow.
I love it! Not only is it good for listening to music, it's great for asking questions too. I love being able to ask how my commute will be!Alexa is always gaining new skills too. Now it works with my home automation system!
This is a fun tool to have for the family. It does make easier to have prime on Amazon to listen to music.
I love alexa. She can make me laugh, keep up with my grocery list, play lullabys for my baby and minions songs for my toddler. Her weather forcasts are awesome. The only thing i wish she knew as well is how to speak other languages. If you ask her she says she only speaks english right now but is always learning. So i cant wait until that update happens! So cool.
Bought for my wife. She seems to love it. Links to Internet and phone very easy. Easily understands voices from multiple people with different accents. Turns kitchen into an instant dance floor during cooking.
Good sound, easy set up. This little speaker is so fun to use. It is great for me as I have Prime Music, although other music apps work just as well.
I love my Amazon Echo, I love that I can ask it questions and it will give me the answer. Plus I love to using it with my other smart home products.
Cant believe we waited to buy one, love how easy it is to use and the interaction with all my devices!!
Echo is love. Echo is life. And I have to write 50
I bought this product at Best Buy instead of online, as I wanted to get in the day I wanted it. Just the voice activated programing is worth it alone, and the quality of the sound. I was using my phone for music, and it was not the best quality and the battery would run out.This is a great product as it solves both of those issues and more!
It's so much fun to use, and helpful. Plays music, reports weather/traffic, even reads Wikipedia articles. Great item.
Have a lot of fun with this. Listen to music, get the daily weather report and the news. Still learning how to use different things on it.
We purchased the Amazon Echo as a family gift, it has had great reviews so far.
Sound is great and very easy to use. Like the app that shows what song is playing and what songs have played. Like the ordering feature to use for reordering past purchases.
GReat an fun product for the whole family. Kid wakes up an asks Alexa the weather to get ready.
The amazon echo is an amazing home automation system!! Works GREAT!! SOund is incredible !! bluetooth works flawlessly!
Amazon Echo is a great start to electronic personal assistants. Voice recognition is very accurate.
It's amazing how quickly Alexa has become a central component to our household.
I love the ease of setup and the accuracy of the voice recognition. My new favorite aspect of the product is building all of the rules and IFTT solutions that are available. What a great flexible product that is way more than a music speaker.
I do not have a connected home, but the Echo is fun to use. More skills are added by Amazon each week. The accuracy of the Echo understanding my voice commands are excellent! Unfortunately, only the Dot can stream via Bluetooth. I would give the Dot a look when it begins to be generally available...
The Echo is pretty great, news in a snap, and music at your fingertips. Gets most voice prompts accurately, even when my kids are yelling different things at her at the same time! And she never loses her temper...
I am still learning what all the Echo can do but it is awesome. I love the shopping list, the timer, just being silly with games. Working on getting plugs and light switches to control the house.
I bought this for my wife, Alexa is great. answers all our commands.
One of best purchases. This is a must for any man cave.
The Echo is one our most used devices at home. The voice recognition, while not perfect, is one of the best I've tried (especially when it can hear our voices from afar). What I really enjoy about the Echo is the simple uses, such as quickly setting a timer for cooking purposes or setting an alarm for when playtime is over for the kids. The audio quality is also very decent - we live in an apartment so the size is perfect.Overall, one of Amazon's best devices - if not the best - and one of the most useful you'll have in your home.
Would recommend it to anyone! It is a great product!
I really like this Amazon Tap. I use the 'Happy Hour' skill in my private bar room for mixing drinks and I the portability plus 8+ hour battery is great. I also use to stream my music from the Amazon Prime Music library. I would recommend this to anyone.
This is a great device for entertaining at home or just lounging on your own.
I love this. And it's great that they keep making improvements!!
Alexa is a terrific product that does exactly what it says it will do and the fact that it is always learning and growing makes it even more beneficial to your home I've used it for almost 3 weeks now and it is just like everybody says it is
Echo is amazing still learning more things,great product
I toyed with the idea of getting an Echo. Now that I have one, I love Alexa. She lives in the kitchen: "Alexa, set the timer for 10 minutes." Using IFTTT.com, she integrates with my Nest thermostat, my Rachio watering system, etc. She lets me know when stuff from Amazon is coming. She is there to answer questions. But she can be annoying when Jeopardy is on the TV. Some contestants with the right voice will give their answer -- remember, the answer is a question -- "Who is Queen Elizabeth II?" And, Alexa will tell you all about Queen Elizabeth II. How can you not love her?
She understands the requests well and plays music or does as instructed. Siri should take notice
I work with technology every day, and this device wows even me. With Alexa, imagine Siri on steroids, able to control your entire music collection stored in your Amazon library as well as music from iHeartRadio, Prime Music, Nest Thermostats, etc. Ask for a joke. Get news updates. set timers and alarms. All with your voice, and with very little misunderstanding. Honestly, Siri never impressed me much, but Alexa is super fast and responsive.
The Amazon Echo is a very helpful appliance. Now my house is 100% "Smart" and with the sound of my voice, I can control everything. I love it
It has so much functionality and is so easy to use. The speakers are great so.
I love the echo! It has great sound. And it hears my commands around the house. It's easy to use. The set up took some time but overall it's great!
Echo is lots of fun and our friends will ask if Alexa can come out. Hours and hours of entertainment.
We really like all that it does its amazing device
I needed a gift for my nephew who was graduating from college and who seems to have everything. Decided on the Echo since I've been wanting one and thought he probably didn't have it. I was happy when he seemed excited about receiving it, but thrilled when he kept texting me the following week to tell me how great it was and all the things he had Alexa doing for him! I'm now even more convinced that I need one for myself, especially since I am moving toward making my house a "smart" home.
The Amazon echo is a wonderful product and I would recommend it to everyone.
Really cool and the speaker is great for any room!
I absolutely love this product. I actually bought two. One for work and one for home!
Love that it integrates with products like Spotify and smart things. We use it on a daily basis.
Still learning all of the different things Alexa can do. Love having access to information about the weather, traffic, etc as well as music at a command. My daughter loves asking her questions. Very entertaining for friends as well
I bought this as a Birthday gift for my son. He saw videos about it and fell in love with it. Once we plugged the Echo in, it was an instant hit in the home! Setup is simple and Alex is ready to assist in moments. Amazon hit the nail on the head with this one.
She is my companion. Talk to her about music, news and current events. She is lots of fun
I am very happy with my purchase. The echo has been used every day since it has been in my home.
Great impulse purchase, have enjoyed setting this up as my first smart home device and linking all the other systems through it. Easy to set up and easy to set up with my smart home devices. It's be one of the most enjoyable devices having here at the house. Nice to be able to control different things around the house by just using my voice.
My 86-year-old aunt has an Echo and she recommended that I get one. I enjoy the information, entertainment, and help it is able to provide.
This is one of the most amazing products I have ever purchased!I highly recommend this product
I've had the Echo for several months and love it. The sound is excellent, the device recognizes my voice from across the room, and it's handy to use.
I never thought i would need this having siri, but siri can't tie alexas shoe laces. I have her tied into my home automation system and its amazing. The speaker quality is not the greatest but not to shabby. The only complaint i have is having multiple Echos i can't sync them... Over all a must buy...
I can control lights, music, shopping lists, and I am able to get my news read to me, get the weather, and order items from Amazon without ever touching my computer. So much fun.
Very happy with the Echo purchase!! Useful for whole family, very interactive and fun. Great for music/playlists and learning.
My wife loves the Echo. She listens to her music everyday.
I love Apple, but this product is so much better than Siri, and really great for smart homes.
The Amazon Echo provides both a way to coordinate household appliances but also answers to b all your questions. Easy to use, maximum effectiveness. I discover new uses for my Echo every day. Coordinates tasks with my cellphone and allows for programming contingencies (if this, then that). I love it.
Can't live without it. Controls all the smart home gadgets in the house.
Initially I figured this would be just a fun toy, so I resisted buying one for a long time. I finally gave in and kept my receipt in the event I needed to return it. I absolutely love it and even purchased the Echo Dot. It is a great way to tie all your smart home products together and to simply ask for something to happen. There are plenty of YouTube videos of unique ways to use Alexa. I use Wink (not too happy with it), but with Alexa, those products work very well. The speaker is excellent when you pair it to your phone to listen to music. Alexa is not 100% perfect and she does not always understand what you are saying, but it is improving.
It is so fun to ask alexa and get an answer or listen to music which sounds great by the way. Very glad I purchased an Echo.
Great buy my other blue tooth sound bar went out and I had to have something that would last and this is amazing it talks back and does whatever I need and you can't beat that so amazing echo is the way to go gonna have to get the amazon spot so if your in need of a great speaker and all the extras here it is
We purchased the Alexa without reading much up on it. We had several friends who raved about it, so we decided to get it before a pool party. It worked amazing!
She is great at controlling hue lights and harmony hub. Voice command smar home!
At first I thought it would be just another one of the voice interfaces that are on a lot of devices - It only comes with a few functions. Wow I never was so happy to be proved wrong. The omni-directional microphones and excellent sound alone make it a great choice to add to your home. Because of its open source code you can add skills that other users have developed or download a SDK and make your own. It reads me bedtime stories filters my content for news sources according to my whim add complex sums, spells and is an all around good sport. But the best thing is -- I had a few remote control hubs around wink, nest the house because I hoped they would make my life easier only to find the they cell phone user interface made it much more cumbersome than completing the task myself. Echo changed all that it unified my security, locks, my lights and more through an easy voice interface -- I could not be more happy - it gave me more than a smart house - it gave me a smart home. I even bought a second unit to take on vacation- Definitely will change your life for the better
great idea will recommend to everyone just can't stop playing with it
Enjoyed my first Amazon Echo. Bought this unit as a gift for my daughter.
Heard about the Echo and had seen it on tv. Absolutely love the product. Very fun.
Works great with Amazon Prime Music. Very impressive speech recognition. (On the other hand, Amazon Prime Video Streaming is not Included in Apple TV or Roku apps.)
It does everything it's advertised to do and with some of the expected new releases it should be even more fun and useful
Love that it is voice controlled and is very easy and you can operate stuff here at my house
We have a lot of fun with the music asking questions Great tool
I am very pleased with the purchase. I use Alexa to listen to my favorite TuneIn radio station in a foreign country, set timers when I'm cooking, ask the time in different cities in the world or basic culture questions. She responds to everything. If I want to play music, she will default to Amazon Prime. If you have the membership, it is very convenient to have Alexa. I have even placed orders on Amazon with my voice. I also have Hue lights so Alexa is the one turning off my house lights at the end of the day...ah, and I can ask her to do so from the upstairs level. I think this purchase is one of the best I've made this year. I am sure there is much more to tap on (no pun intended), and I'll find out as I use Echo more. For now, I totally recommend.
Once this is hooked up to your wifi it is a great little product. I tried hooking it up on my computer but it went much more easily on my smart phone. You can ask it almost anything and she will respond. Plays music tell you jokes, etc. You will have to subscribe to a music service. Pandora is free as are many other services. Once subscribed you just have to ask her to play your favorite music and it will play all day! Oh it can also be used as an alarm to wake you up each morning.
I bought this on impulse because I had heard great things about it. I have a variety of automated home devices, such as Philips Hue bulbs, and wanted to see if the Echo would help me control everything.I now use the Echo all the time for lights, alarms, and daily news. The best part of the Echo is its ability to recognize multiple voices at different volumes. My parents also use it and have been considering getting one for their home!The best app to use with Alexa is IFTTT. You can have IFTTT add things to Google lists and calendars, trigger find your phone, create custom light settings for smart bulbs, and even set up an emergency trigger to text a loved one in an emergency. These features are all great for me since I live by myself. I definitely feel more secure being able to contact help if something should ever happen. Echo skills also expand the use of Alexa by adding trivia games, recipe apps, and searching for hotels, flights, and movies. One of my favorites is Milo, which allows you to search for movies or tv and find where it is offered on multiple services like Netflix, Hulu, etc.The only downside I have found is you have to be very specific with some commands, such as which music service you want to access or triggering IFTTT. But Amazon has recently updated the Alexa settings with the ability to change Spotify to your default music player, so a lot of the specificity is no longer needed!If you have connected home devices or live by yourself I would definitely recommend the Echo! I have had no issues with it and it helps me everyday!
I live alone, so I got this so I could hear another voice. I've got it programmed to play music from my era. It sounds great. I love it !
Echo works flawlessly, its voice recognition to respond to requests is great. Just purchased a second one for the upstairs.
This is a great item to own in your home. So you can entertain friends, family, and yourself!!!
Pros: Controls the lights in our house and integrated seamlessly with the wemo app. Plays music well and sounds great as a Bluetooth speaker. We are even able to add groceries via a 3rd party app (OurGroceries).Cons: Some of the commands are a bit of a mouthful and if you don't say the command in the proper order and in a timely manner Alexa will not understand. It would be nice if you could change the default built in lists and to dos to a 3rd party app to make the commands a little easier.Overall: A little expensive for a gadget but the home automation is really fun!
We added this as part of our kitchen remodel and love its functionality
The Amazon Echo provides great sound quality with no fuss. Just say "Alexa play me some music" and voila!!!Set up is easy.
Alexa is working well and learning more every day.
Best Birthday present I ever got... I have my lights set up using Alexa and thermostat.. Also use the shopping list everyday helps to remember when I am at the store shopping.. love playing millions of trivia games and all the information she gives all day.. also love the many new apps added almost ever day... I Love my Alexa I highly recommend it!!
I love it, very easy to use and so much information so readily available. It's limitless to what it can be used for, from a radio to encyclopedia with no effort and no set up.
And never talks back. This is the best product out there to demonstrate just what technology can do for the average person, and it is constantly updated.every home should have one!
Awesome speaker and home automation control. Very recommended.
its great, i hooked my amazon prime up to it, that is the best
What a cool gadget. Great to have by the pool and change music without getting out.
You will use and enjoy this every day. It's a wide open connection that will amaze and surprise you.
Great app with lot of features. Sound is ok for the small size
Great little gadget, works well with my smart home. I can now turn on lights, etc. with voice commands. Feels like Star Trek! Love how Alexa plays music as well, and she understands most commands. It's fun to have a digital assistant around!
The future is here, the best voice recognition I've ever used, along with intelligence and responsiveness.
Great add on to any home. Alexia is nice to answer questions, play your music, or about anything you can think of.
This is my fourth one. I have one at work, one in the kitchen and one in the bedroom. This one was for my wife's work - she loves it. Good sound and amazing features.
I have this paired with my Samsung Smart Things, WEMO devices, Smart Light Bulbs (LIFX and Sengled). She is pretty witty and very fun to mess around with and understands you even with music or TV on at loud volumes. I love the features and can't wait for more compatible devices to come out.
This product is amazing -- plays music-- gives definitions--spells-- answers questions on any subject--weather reports--news reports etc. etc. etc.
Fun for the whole family. Alexia tells funny jokes for kids, answers questions on almost every subject and provides lots of musical choices.
Easy setup, the speaker sounds great for music!! Alexa is quite responsive LOL and quite intelligent.
Easy to set up and use. It's a wonderful electronic device! With Amazon Prime and/or Pandera, it gives you voice control over a huge music library. In addition to music offerings, Alexa is very entertaining!
good product***********************************************
This is an awesome product. My kids love it. They listen to everyday
We are very happy with our purchase. We use Alexa everyday for various things and really enjoy playing jeorardy.
Echo or Alexa from Amazon is smart and learns along with you. She is a nice gift for teens as well as seniors. It's the kind of thing you might think you didn't want or need until you get it and begin to use it. We like the sound quality of the speaker.
i been using it for weeks and overtime i love it more and more!!! the voice control makes it really easy.
The Echo is easy to use and lots of fun. I even bought one for my parents. They love it too.
It is very easy to operate and comes in handy for news weather and good way to keep up with your calendar.
I'm in love with my new echo. I own a multitude of wireless Bluetooth speakers that I have used in my garage while working for years. Simply comparing audio quality, I prefer the echo over my UE boom, which was my absolute favorite until this point. It doesn't have quite the bass the boom does, but it makes up for it in clarity, volume and bass responsiveness. Other than being a great speaker on its own, it's a fantastic task companion. The echo is set with every normal task you would ever need, and then some. I would happily buy another if anything were to ever happen to this one.
I bought a new mobile phone at BBY, and got a $150 gift card as part of the purchase, so bought the ECHO kind of on a whim. I am not a huge technophile, so I wasn't expecting to really love it.Setup was ridiculously easy. Connected to wifi, then connected to Amazon, Spotify, and Google Calendars accounts. Now its all voice commands for questions, music, and my girls love asking Alexa for a joke. I also connected it to my WEMO switches and it works well. I am still learning the different things I can ask her.I almost gave it four stars, because it takes a little getting used to with regards to which questions you can ask, or how to phrase a command for the best result. But in the end I decided for five stars because I am fine-tuning the app settings and preferences to make the experience better.
Cost is not outrageous. Easy setup, fun to use and syncs with my iPhone Bluetooth. Practical uses for home as well.
I knew about this from its crowd funding start and wish I had jumped on board then. This is an excellent platform to start home automation and the entertainment value is a welcome bonus! Even my 88 year old mother-in-law can use it! The sound quality is great and the listening range is amazing. I can tell Alexa to turn off a connected light upstairs from upstairs.Note, it does not work with Google Play yet. I have hope that it will in the future.
Purchased the Echo as a bridal shower gift. My niece and her fianc are still learning about all it can do but already reported back to me that they love it. I was told it is the most favorite gift they received.
We love Alexa and our Echo. If we need an answer, all we have to do is ask Alexa.
I had been looking at the echo for awhile but wasn't an early adopter. As much as I geek out over products like this I wanted to wait till the skills library was a bit more tested and expanded. Well imagine my surprise when I got this as a gift! Absolutely love using my Echo/Alexa. Weather, music, shopping lists, and the constant things they are adding. Yes it has its moments when it can't understand something but I do tend to mumble at times. Don't expect it to be a search engine giving multile results to an inquiry but it's a great speaker, home assistant, kitchen helper with measurements, and it even controls my home temperature on my Honeywell thermostat. Next purchase...smart plugs so I can turn some items off and on with my voice. Love the interactivity and I haven't even scratched the surface yet on all Alexa has to offer. I have found the Love my Echo website to discover new things I haven't tried yet.
This thing does so many things it's incredible. Time saver, information finder , and even a family entertainer!
Very versatile device that is constantly updated by Amazon. Price is very fair for this product.
Welcome to our home Alexa! She makes a great addition to our home. I would highly recommend this device.
Easy to use and very fun!! Use it for my PC speaker and it's awesome!!
Just love it. Easy to set up and use. Tons of information and jokes. Plays all my music and give spots scores.
This is my new favorite device. While not perfect, it's a lot of un to use.One of the features I like the best is the timer functions. I can start a timer for various items, while cooking, and Alexa will remind me when the timer hits zero. The best part is that, through IFTT, I can trigger Alexa to call my phone, or send a notification, if I'm not in the same room as she is. I do the same for when I'm doing laundry. I no longer have to go back and check how much time is left on the washer and dryer. I can even have my Hue lights to blink when the timer has expired.Right now, I have Lutron, iDevices, and Hue Homekit devices in my house. Through the Skills for each of these companies, the Echo found all the devices, and I'm not able to control all of them using my voice. Really great device to own and play around with.
I got this to basically experiment with. Straight out of the box, it's really not that impressive. It's a "novelty", however, as I checked out the skills available, lights started coming on - Literally! Echo's ability to integrate with Home Automation is excellent! Having voice commands for turning on/off lights may seem like a novelty as well, however, there are endless options for the elderly, or disabled with this little assistant, and some customizing.
I absolutely love this devise. I do wish ti was more compatible with more things, but it is still well worth it!!
Absolutely love this thing! It controls my lights and works as a fantastic alarm clock. This thing has plenty of awesome features. It's basically Jarvis in my house
I bought this echo when it was first released and I just couldn't swallow the cost. It's a cool speaker that allowed hands free operation but $100 was just too much money. Since then, the discounts have been much more meager but it's become so useful. I've smartened up my home and controlling my lights, entertainment system and security system has been amazing.
The Amazon Echo is super easy to set up. Once set up, it's actually fun to see what Alexa would say to any and all of your questions. What's great is that even if there is background noise or other people talking at the same time, Alexa can still hear you and will respond accordingly.
I was very skeptical at first with this, but Alexa has become part of my everyday use very quickly. Whenever I get home from work, or I need to do chores around the house, "Alexa, open Pandora." Its super convenient and the speakers on it are amazing. I'm really impressed. If there was one thing though that I would have Amazon improve upon if they ever release a version 2 is to have the microphone distance be further than whatever it is at now, which seems to be about 10 feet or so. More than 10 feet away, Alexa won't hear me. Other than that though, this thing is awesome. I'm glad I got it.
I love just being able to wake up in the morning and telling Alexa to play my music. So simple and amazing. That's just a beginning of what it will do. Ask anything, most of the time it's answered. Just awesome.
Originally figured this would be almost a toy, but as I easily started connecting the Echo to my existing home automation components I realized this would become a key part of my home. Throw in the different connections the Echo can make (with my car, for example) and you now have an essential component to your day...absolutely worth it!
Great product the kids love it. We use it for music and news. Kids love to ask it to tell them jokes
Wonderful speaker that is easy to use. I have parred it with both my IPad and IPhone and it works great with both!!
This was a birthday gift for my daughter but I must say I want one for myself! Great sound and easy to operate.
Echo has surprised me in many ways. While the features are nothing new, the ability to access them through pure voice control has been incredible.
I love Alexa. I've purchased the light/other electronics control wall plug ins and now not only can Alexa keep me company, play my music, and basically be my personal assistant but she can turn on/off my lights and electronics when I ask. Next is to purchase the thermostat. I'm sure there is more to come.
So easy to use and entertaining....I love this product
The Echo is awesome and fun. We use it to control TV,s Thermostats, Lights, and Stereo all with voice commands. Anyone using amazon prime will like the voice ordering. We find something new everyday that the echo will do.
This device sounds great and has plenty of volume, enough for outside use. It connects to Amazon Prime music and also to Pandora. I also purchased a battery base so that it is portable.
Once it is programmed, it works great! It is a wave for the future for voice programming.
I love my Echo. My son had one since it first came out and frankly I was not that impressed and didn't think I would use it. I love technical stuff and when they had a good sale on them, I decided to try it and thought if I didn't like it, I could take it back. Well, was I surprised!!! Ahead of buying it, I had already set up more of my Amazon Prime music playlist, and the library too. Then I also went to Pandora and created more playlists and stations there. That saved a lot of time. Set up was so simple, no problems at all. I find I use the News Briefing every morning, what's on my calendar for the day or a specific day, and playing the music a lot whereas with my ipod, I usually don't unless we have company. Also, adding to shopping list and to my google calendar I use all the time. I would say the negatives are - if you have the volume up higher, she doesn't always hear you for the command. Another learning curve is the commands themselves. It is hard to remember exactly how she wants you to say the task. Right now I am writing down on index card the skills I can't seem to remember, such as Mindfullness from Prime which plays quiet meditation music or you have to tell her playlist from what location and between Amazon Prime and Pandora, if you don't say the exact playlist name that you made, she can't find it easily. Overall, just love it - I looked into buying the Echo Dot to place that in my bedroom, but was so disappointed that they have sold out and discontinued it. There is some hint that they are bringing something else out similar, but I liked the fact that it WAS a plug in, not internal battery that only lasts a few years. I wanted to be able to take it on vacation and pack in suitcase but the Tap has a charger unit with it, more bulky, & not excellent reviews, but the Dot had great reviews.
As an Amazon prime member I figured this would be cool to play my Amazon Prime music, but it's also a Bluetooth speaker that I can play My XM radio or iTunes through. Alexa is getting smarter and know my voice better with every question. She has my appointments and traffic and weather covered every morning. Great item here and great sounding speaker.
Alexa is really fun to use and i just bought a smart outlet that she works with. It's great, because you can use her for so many things.
Alexa has been a very good companion and source of information to anything that she knows...very honest, answers all questions to her own capability.
This is one of the best purchases I've made in a long time. I use the echo to control my Nest thermostat, my lights, my sprinkler, pretty much almost everything connected to my Wink.
Like it very much. Enjoy using it. The whole family participates and has fun.
This thing is amazing. The possibilities are endless.
Lots of Fun!! Great for getting fast facts, playing a song, or adding items to a shopping list that's on the app on your phone. Great gift idea!!
A friend had an Amazon Echo and my wife loved it. I surprised her with one for her birthday. She uses it everyday for weather, news and music. Great device and easy to use
The best part is it keeps learning. I use it a lot for my hue lights and separate radio from my Sonos
Amazon echo is an amazing product. I researched and read reviews and they seemed too good to be true. I purchased the Echo from Best Buy for my husband's birthday. It was very easy to set up. ALexa is very charming. This is like having a computer that answers all your questions, plays music, and creates lists. This is truly a wonderful voice recognition device.The sound as a music speaker is great. It's a hit with the whole family.
I use Alexa all the time to set temperature, water the lawn, play music. This is definitely a product worth having if you have a smart home.
I am enjoying my echo and keep trying to find new uses for it. Having fun playing with all the features.
The amazon echo is a great product. We got it when it was on sale and liked how new features are constantly added. We use it often for weather, news, turning on our lights, setting multiple cooking timers and more. It quickly became something we use daily.
I use I daily for news, weather and music. It's really nice to have in the house.
So much fun to be had with this device! I sound like a dork everyday when I talk to Alexa. Love it!
I love the ability to just say what song I want to hear and Alexa plays it, or stops immediately when I instruct her to. The jokes and pick up lines are a crowd favorite as well.
Awesome product, fell in love with it the minute I turned it on
I was NOT expecting this product to perform so well. Sleek design,compact, and easy installation make this product well worth the money. The only thing I was a little turned off by is that you cannot fully customize the wake name..yet..and you cannot connect it via Bluetooth to a soundbar/extra speaker. The overall performance of the sound that comes out of it is surprisingly great though. I just wanted more. I got over not being able to add more speakers pretty easily though. It's that good. I might suggest however adding a Harmony Home hub with it so you can REALLY take advantage of the voice features. It was my understanding that the echo can pair with the hub so you can control more items. I'm going to set that up today so it is NOT verified just yet.
The Amazon Echo has amazing voice recognition tech.
Would highly recommend and Great product with great sound
Brought Alexa home turn her on and immediately she linked to all the smart devices inside my home. I think we were up and running in about 10 minutes. I couldn't be more pleased.
Echo is very easy to install and it begins immediately. There is no learning curve at all...a fun piece of electronics. I would highly recommend it
I love my Amazon Echo. We use it on the outdoor kitchen/patio. It has a very good speaker and access to my Pandora Music. It does so much more including instant weather reports. Several friends have purchased one as well.
This is a must buy , it really is awesome !!! Really like its versatility in Mobile ness I wouldn't recommend this to anybody that was interested in a portable speaker and I love talking to it Alexa!!!
Love it it's like having a personal assistant, very good.
We now own 4 Echos. We have them in our bedrooms and living area. It really is an amazing device. We use it to turn many of our lights on and off, control our outside sprinkler system, wakes us up with alarms, listen to all kinds of music and other information. I also use it to monitor my Amazon purchases and buy things on Amazon that we have purchased before. I understand there now are over 1000 functions it can perform depending on what you desire. Once you get one you will wonder how you lived without it.
My parents (in their 60's) were the ones that turned us on to Echo and Alexa - yeah, I know! We really love it and are just scraping the surface of its capabilities.
It's good ... Just need to adjust .. Takes bit tine
Everyone should have one. Awesome!! Just ask Alexa any question and she will give you the answer.
Bought this as a gift for someone and they love it! so many commands and uses for this device
It work all my home kit with out flaw! it can hear me from across the room. echo is very smart
Love Alexa! She is very helpful and was very easy to set up. She learns new skills everyday.
Purchased this for my wife and ended up using it myself...now I have to buy s second unit. Integrating with other "smart" devices gets easier as your do them...good buy regardless but a steal when on sale.
The Amazon Echo is an amazing piece of technology. The things it can do are endless and new things are added weekly. Just amazing
Alexia is a very smart AI source. She response quickly and offers an extensive library of knowledge and music. The Echo fills a small room with sound.
I need a sound system for a bbq party...it was just perfect for the party. Provided great background music! Powerful lil bugger!
I love that I can ask questions withouto having to go to a computer or cell.
I truly love how I can just talk to her and ask for what I want. I got friends and family members wanting one.
I just love my echo, I have taught her a ton of new tricks.
would recommend it to any one. great device to have at home or office
We use this everyday of the week. All the options it has makes it perfect for everyone. Setup was easy as is using it. Everyone should have one.
This device is so cool. I must buy for all gadget guys.
Yeah!!!! I like it... Very convenient to use... The quality was excellent too...
This is the first electronic purchase in awhile that my wife loves too. Alexa is great. She does whatever you want. We love it for playing music. I love it for news and updates on various things such as stock market info and weather. Would recommend it for everyone that has Amazon prime.
This is the best electronic purchase I've had in a year, and I buy a lot of shhhtuff.
Alexa is a great enhancement to any home automation system. You need to do some research in order to find out all you can do with it, but this is part of the fun. I can only recommend this to any tech geek ...
Nice to have music, alarms, shopping list, lights, all available at the sound of your voice, works great! Hub for home, Highly recommended!
Have a Smarthings hub which with Amazon Echo has become the best of two worlds.
convenience with alexa is changing my home, setting it up with light bulbs thermostats, audio radio...best investment ever.
I find the Echo to be an amazing speaker enabled by saying "Alexa" to access all kinds of information and receive answers to many, many questions. It is constantly being upgraded with new capabilities and abilities.
I liked this so much I got one for my dad and step mom along with the smart plug in outlet so they can turn on their lights!!!
ECHO (ALEXA) is a nice bluetooth/wifi speaker that is portable and can give you information when you ask it questions.Can Sync with your phone via using the Amazon Alexa app.Speak it in the AIR
This is a great item for the family. Easy to use and lots of fun
You will very quickly learn how to talk to her in a way that she will understand and it's not unlike speaking to a small frustrating toddler. Alexa, when was George Washington born? George Washington was born...blah blah Alexa stop. There were rumors his teeth were wood but these turned out to be false, ALEXA stop speaking! There will be many times she will not understand what you're saying which can be both frustrating and hilarious. Alexa, put tomatoes on my shopping list. I've put potatoes onto your shopping list....Well, guess I'm eatin potatoes. That said, now that I've learned how to speak to the Echo it usually does exactly what I want it to do. I think the echo is well worth the price
We are having so much fun with the Echo. Alexa plays our favorite music we've saved in our libraryfinds new songs, gives us news updates and weather reports. I know she does much more but we have not had the time to experiment..The sound quality is great. After we bought ours, I bought a second one for a Christmas Gift.
Very easy set up. Sound is great, looking foward to use all.its features!
Alexa is awesome, works for what I want, next lights. She actually listens to me.At first I had my reservations but it surpassed my expectations. Really wish I had more time to learn new things to do with it.
Smart and handy time saver and loud I love it voice control is amazing
Grown to love this and I have three of them. Great speaker and Alexa is very useful, from checking weather, playing music, using as a timer and many other features.
I will be buying these everyone I know! fantastic price too
The Alexa assistant is more accurate than Siri as well as very responsive.
Absolutely just a fun devices lots of options. Learn the device and learn the abilities it can do!!
I highly recommend the Amazon Echo. The range of information and music are fun and help keep me up on current events.
One of the best purchases I've ever made! It's ties into my whole home network and works with all of my phone and other products.
This is bleeding edge technology. It's not a Google search but with new skills being added all the time it's a great way to use technology.
While I purchased this item as a gift for my son, it proved to be one of the best choices I could have made. He loves Alexa and the ability to ask her whatever seems to be on his mind. Echo is a wonderful complement to information availability and information technology to better our lives. A great gift and a most useful item.
The Amazon - Echo is not just an amazing sound device but offers an always improved upon array of innovative services. My Best Buy for the year so far.
So, at first, I wasn't sold on this. I bought it mainly to act as voice control for my Lutron lights on our first floor and I already had Pico remotes throughout, so it didn't get used that much. Then, it kind of clicked with some simple things like setting timers and playing podcast. Then, it got more natural when I connected the Alexa app and the Logitech Harmony app with IFTTT. Next thing you know, my wife and my son are both using it as we're coming and going to turn the lights off and on, turning on the TV, turning off when it's time for dinner etc etc. Really excited for the upcoming Sonos integration... All in all, this was a very worthwhile purchase as it's become a really strong platform for home automation and it only looks like it's going to get better.I think it's safe to say that the Echo means different things to different people... if you're into HA, then don't hesitate!
I was hesitant to buy the Echo, but waited until it was on sale. It's great for music and ties to Amazon Prime or Bluetooth to your phone. Unfortunately, it needs to be plugged in at all times to be powered on.
Love this product. Been thinking about purchasing this for quite a while and very happy I finally did
Got this for my wife's birthday but the grandkids and I use it more. The grand kids use it to spell, we don't get the " how do you spell this" anymore, which is worth the price alone. This unit does so much more sound machine, alarm, timer, reminder, it even calls my wife,s phone when she looses it. Best purchase I made in a long while Love it.
Great for Entertainment and easy to use.Just give Echo a command and it will respond.
I think this is the best purchase I've made all year. Nothing better to say
Great product for music and smart home devices. using it to control philip Hue.
Alexa is a wonderful companion and will never fail to impress your friends. Want to know the weather in Texarkana or Timbuktu? No problem... just ask her. Or how far is it from here to Istanbul or Indianapolis? No sweat. Wanna hear some music? Just ask her to play The Eagles or Jackson Brown, Iron Maiden or Frank Sinatra. It's easy. And that's just scratching the surface.
It was very easy to set up. Works with my Insteon system to turn on and off lights. Fun to use. New and weather updates. Plays your Amazon Prime music by composer and/or artist.
Integrated easily with ecobee3, insteon products. Music playing capability is great with prime membership
I love this product. Easy to use. Functional. Great
Very simple to set up and works great right out of the box. Automatically creates to do lists and shopping lists which you can access through the app. This has become my favorite feature and I didn't even know about it when I bought the unit!
Amazon Echo so great, I have it running my air and lamps. performs great. Great product. Just ask a question and she gives the answer 99% of time correctly.
Very easy setup via smartphone App. Easy to use. Like the shopping list feature.
This Echo is very cool. Great sound and ease of use makes this a great buy!
I was one of the original Amazon Echo purchasers, and have loved using it ever since. I bought this one as a "thank you" gift for my wonderful brother-in-law, who baby-sat me through two cataract surgeries. He loves it too.
This device has already been used by all of my family for fun and looking up school information
Information and music and all you have to do is ask! Alexa is amazing!
The Amazon Echo is awesome. It is VERY easy to set up. I mostly play pandora music, but it works with Amazon music and Audible.
Excellent for someone who is alone at home and needs company. Very entertaining.
Fairly easy to set up. Once running, it was fun to begin seeing what Alexa could do. I look forward to using it every day. My wife uses it more than I, loves to listen to C&W music while sewing.
Works great and constantly updated and improving. I use it to turn on my lights, my fan and adjust my two thermostats. I also ask it to play my favorite talk radio and more. Will pick up more for other parts of the house.
Every household should have one of these! It is great for music...does so much more. I am in process of making my home "smart" and it works lots of the smart home devices (all that I have purchased so far!) Must have in any family!
A great blessing for all sorts of information. 10 minutes to setup... unbelievable amount of information and assistance.
I now have voice controlled home using my echo and smart devices! Listening to any song I like in seconds using my Amazon Prime is probably the thing I love the best! We put it in our kitchen which is central to our living space and echo picks up all of our commands from any room downstairs!
A great way to make the web easier to use. Love it!
This is the second unit placed in my home. You will be a little withdrawn at first but once you get answers from the unit, you will love it. I recommend you use the training to your voice when you first set the unit up. Do not hesitate to learn what the Echo can do.
At first wasn't so sure about getting the Echo. Finally after reading reviews and the things it could do I bought one. So far it has worked great and looking forward to being able to continue to expand its capabilities and help smart wire my house.
Works great couldn't be happier! Puts out great sound!
User friendly the best speaker this year recommend to all my friends
The echo has a great sound for a small product. The convenience alone makes this a worthwhile purchase.
Ok, so I will not say its perfect but it is really close, I bought it for my wife to have endless music... Yes its great.... But then I connected it to my home automation and I will say it really nice not to have to get up to turn on or off light in a room again...Constant updates keep me interested.
This thing is awesome! Makes life a little bit simpler
I use this for playing music, alarms and control a few smart home devices. Great to see everything works flawless.
Alexa is so much more than a gateway to Amazon services. We use the Echo for music, cooking timers, controlling the lights of our home. The best is when the kids add items to our Alexa shopping list. Makes it super easy to build a grocery list.Super easy to set up. Works great. You should have one in your home.
I have my Echo setup in my kitchen as that is where I get the most use of it. There is a learning curve to figuring out its limitations and getting it setup though. After that it is a fun device to use like I can add things to my grocery list or play a podcast or play Prime Music or turn on lights or give me the weather and sports scores. I am slowing setting my home up to have connected devices and this was a great starting device. I would say if you have spotty internet service this thing will not work but when you are on DSL you get what you pay for right?
Bought on a whim because it was at Prime Day pricing. Pretty cool. Still getting used to all its features. Nice that it gets updated very often.
She does what I ask of her for now. I haven't really gotten a chance to open up all her abilities due to the fact I don't have other smart things. She plays my music tell me my weather and what is on my to do list.
Sound quality excellent, functionality is smooth, App required a day or two for full comprehension. System works beautifully, my sons especially have enjoyed the lighting integration with our LIFX and the Amazon Prime Music requests. Will be expanding the system when "Dot" returns.
This just is so much fun to use. So easy to ask for music to be played. Quality is good too. We ask about our sports teams and ask for jokes. We just sit and laugh at how this works. We are just starting to use it for our shopping list. We used to use OneNote, but it is so easy to ask Alexa to add a product to the shopping list. She repeats it and has always gotten it right. You can also add it manually on the app. We love playing around with it and are learning new commands.
The Amazon Echo is a great device. I find it particularly useful for home automation.
What a device! Ask Alexie what time it is, how far it is from Pluto to Saturn or play some Buddy Holley, she does it all. Loads o f fun!
This is an amazing compact way to enjoy music, games and trivia. I am thinking about getting the add on speakers. Highly recommend!
What a cool device to set timers, play music, read you the news, turn of/off lights and change your temperature all from saying the trigger word. Works great.
I'm a Bose fan, and the Bluetooth/WiFi Soundtouch 20 is wonderful for classical and jazz. However, I enjoy talking to "Alexa" and interacting with "her" to get weather info and jokes. The Echo is wonderful!
I Used rely on Siri on the iphone prior to buying this and do not use Siri anymore since I started using Alexa. I activate siri on my phone and address it as Alexa. The voice recognition is awesome compared to any other assistant like Siri. You can speak from any corner in the room and it will capture it. I automated my home with this and we love it.
so much fun to use. Also streamlines ordering and other task. Great for listening to music as you think of it.
I love this speaker so much! This speaker has outperformed every other speaker I have purchased! Alexa has great voice recognition and kicks Siri's butt it in this area!
I love Alexa! Don't tell my wife. She listens and she gives me answers without questioning my motives.
I love this echo everybody in my family loves the echo. kids play music ask Alexa questions all the time and they are adding new things all the time.
The is the best product of its kind, period. I would recommend it anytime.
enjoy using Alexa every night! She's amazing! I'd recommend it to everyone!
This thing is amazing. The voice recognition is awesome and it does an excellent job picking up my voice even when playing music. Its integration into my smart home was flawless and adds a whole new level to my home.
While I find myself limited at the moment to playing music and adding to my grocery list, I look forward to expanding my connected home. For what I use it for, it is fantastic. It even works great with answering questions the kids have and responding quickly to needs. It understands fairly well and it hears me throughout the house.
i love the alex. it has made me upgrade my smart house to work with it. i have insteon hub, harmony hub, smartthings hub and now a philps hue hub. they all work over voice with alexa. i even got 2 amazon tv sticks and 1 tv unit. all working together. love it
If you use 'okay google' on your phone as much as I do, you'll love Alexa. No more having to pull your phone out, just ask alexa! She is a great house assistant!
Love this item, it is absolutely amazing for you home.
Great sound quality, amazing microphone. Very cool experience to come home, tell "Alexa" to turn on the lights and play music from spotify. Well worth the price.
Prime integration is smooth and voice recognition is much better than Siri
I got this to control my Hue lightbulbs and it works great. Surprised at how fast it is!
My husband, kids and I have enjoy Alexa very much. Having her play music without us lifting a finger is my daughter's favorite feature.
This device works great! Can't wait to get more items to sync with it!
I love the echoI'm really enjoying all of it's features!
Didn't think I would get much out of this but I already had hue lights, harmony remote and august smart lock. Alexa controls all of them! She is also a cool companion giving my news and sports update in the morning while I make my coffee. Mindfulness minutes are great when paired with Apple Watch app of the same name.
I bought this thing thinking it's a cool little gadget. But I have to admit, she has the ability to do a lot of things. It's like Siri on steroids! With the appropriate items, she's able to turn on/off lights, order things through Amazon and they just announced that she will soon be able to interact with the bmw i3! The kids especially love it, they just wish she can do their homework!
This is my second Amazon echo, I now have one in the bedroom and living area. I work from home so this as become my personal assistant. It's amazing what you can do out of the box but if you like to tinker you can write your own skills and extend the feature set. One of those devices that you wonder how you lived with out it.
Installed the Echo in to my house that we have Nest thermostats in and WeMo light switches its interfaces with those devices are flawlessly. I can ask Echo to turn on or off lights or set the temperature on my thermostats. It does too many things to list. The voice recognition is the best I have used on any product.
I think Alexa is great. We first saw it while visiting family and were intrigued. We used our Best Buy point, so the risk was minimal. Alexa is great at answering questions related to whether, sporting events, calendar, shopping and todo lists. I like that I can print out my todo and shopping lists and that she can add events to my online calendar. We haven't even scratched the surface and we love Alexa already!! We also decided to join Amazon prime and are very satisfied so far...keep up the good work Amazon!!
Easy to set up and works great with hue lighting!!
I've seen this devise from a friend and was really impressed with its performance. It was delightful and fun to see it worked. I bought it at the right tim when it went on sale.
I just love the Amazon Echo. It does so many things that I've almost started to take them for granted. From the time I get up in the morning or when I get home from work Alexis is ready. First thing in the morning I ask about the weather and a synopsis of the news. I have her play music while I'm getting ready for work. I can set a timer if I'm cooking or to remind me it's time to leave. If a question pops into my head I can ask Alexis. If I want to know what's on my calendar for the day, I ask Alexis. Where have you been all my life?
I have implemented several smart devices throughout our home like Nest thermostats, a Sonos controller, WeMo switches, a Dropcam HD camera and a Ring doorbell. The Echo is quickly becoming the smart hub to control many of these devices. Setup was quick and easy. Integration with my Pandora and Spotify accounts was a breeze. Now I just need to patiently wait for my Echo to beginning offering Sonos control.
Whole family is enjoying it! Kids and we are both able to use and user friendly.
Somewhat awkward to setup in Canada but once done it is an amazing source of useful features. Enjoy the link to my Spotify subscription and some of the new apps that are created for the Echo. It even has a sense of humour and sharp answers to stupid questions. Well worth the price.
Great product! This is the best smart device that we have bought in so many years. The best of it is Alexa is getting better every day. We are having fun with Alexa every day me she became one of the best friends of my wife.
Love the Amazon Echo! Easy setup and receives voice commands well. Music is crisp and verbal information is very understandable.
This product has great sound quality and easy to use. I love it and have given it as a gift twice now.
It would be beneficial to have amazon prime to give even more options. Very easy to use and set up was simple. The ability to add other Wifi devices is a great option. We use it to turn lights on, adjust our thermostat, play music, answer questions and so much more.
Once set up is completed it is very easy to use many options available I was able to link my iPhone to echo and it has made my experience much more enjoyable.
Can't believe how smooth it works.Highly recommend it.
This is a great speaker and easy to use. It is really user friendly.
This is a great product! The voice controls are great and works no matter how loud the music is playing. It's almost as if everything on the internet is at your finger tips, ready to be accessed!
A must have, if you are a Prime Member. I love Alexa. Plus the kids love it too, they keep asking questions to Alexa.
This device has exceeded my expectations so far I love it
Very convenient, not perfect but worth the money for sure.
Great device. Makes things so easy when you can just tell out what you want to hear, or ask our questions...especially while cooking, our if your hands are full. Have integrated out with the Philips hue bulbs and love it.
Amazon did it again, Alexa is awesome and controls my lights, music, can ask her questions and works great with IFTT
this is great, really easy to use - the playlists are fantastic
This is a lot of fun. It makes access to news, music, and home automation easy and a lot of fun.
We got this on a one-day special and took a chance. I would say that Alexa generally works better than Siri on most things and more consistently. The speaker alone is good, but the ability to play radio via TuneIN, Pandora, Amazon Music, etc. is value enough...beyond the little things like saying "Alexa, set a timer for 4 minutes" or "Alexa, what's the weather going to be like?". Overall very impressed with the Echo - recommended highly.
Sound is crisp. Alexa is always on point. We love it.
I love my Alexa! She plays music when I ask her, she answers questions when I ask, and she turns my lights on and off. 5 stars!!
The echo is pretty fun to use but is definitely more useful when paired with other smart home devices. I can control my Lifx bulb and my Ecobee smart thermostat with voice commands. She's also programmed with some funny lines and is fun to chat with to see what she says.
Echo is the best way to have any songs (over a million) with just one command to Alexa. All the many features make for a wonderful piece of technology enjoyed by all ages. So helpful and entertaining!!!Love it!
Easy to set up and connects without issues. Add a few wifi switches and skills and you have a voice activated smart house. Plus you can talk to Alexa and not feel lonely.
Unbelievable how smooth it is. Great product.. soon would be must have for all.
Simple to use. Easily customized. Great speakers. Responds quickly. Responds to any voice. Tells good jokes. Turns on lamp for me when asked so can have light to see when entering house
Purchase echo as a gift. Owned mine for over a year and still learning from it..Planning on teaming it up with a couple of dots, great tchnology.
great fun and great tool. Electronics are sometimes confusing, but not Alexia.
We are still learning about Alexa's functions, but already love her! We are very amused that you can ask her to tell you a joke. :) Super excited to learn all that she can do.
I found the echo easy to use, just wished it had a wireless version
I really enjoy today's electronic gadgets and this is a really nice addition to my collection.
Alexa is like Siri for home. I love it! I play songs cleaning the house or play different genres for get togethers. She plays corny jokes that are funny, too. Anything you ask she pretty much knows. I recommend definitely.
Amazon - Echo - Black has come a long way from its roots as an online bookseller. Looking to branch into the Internet of Things the company released the Echo -- an internet-connected speaker that acts as a personal assistant.
I truly love my echo, it is great addition to my home automation setup.
Great product plays my music controls my lights tons of info also makes an awesome alarm clock and it keeps getting smarter.
The echo is great. Besides information,it will handle smart lights. It's learning new things all the time.
Use to do everyday questions. What's the time,weather,addtoo shop list, check calendar and all kinds of little things without having to open computer lying in bed.
Primarily use as a music player. Voice recognition is a+++. Now I just have to figure out which devices I would like to control with Alexia (we use "echo"). Plenty of user created apps available to transfer results for commands like calendar and reminders to my smartphone so I don't have to depend on the Amazon smartphone app.
Loved Alexa. This gadget is so handy and easy to use.
Very intuitive to use, works great with the Amazon ecosystem.
My wife and I really enjoy the Echo. We use it to stream music and the daily news feed as well as turn on some lights. The sound is very good and fills the room(s) we have it in and near.
I bought this for my wife for her birthday, and she loves it! It is so easy to operate, and has so much in its library for music!
Alexa is very understanding and knows how to please
There are many things I love about the Amazon Echo. It reads me the news every morning. News that is tailored to my interests. It will do simple calculations or set reminders and alarms. But most importantly it interfaces with my Smartthings hub and allows me to control all the lights and electrical devices in my house as well as the temperature with my voice.
A lot faster than Siri, very responsive and helpful in the kitchen playing music Multiple timers and measurements
This is a great product, and I would recommend it to everyone. My kids love it more than my wife and I.
From Out the Box she was Absolutely Wroth the Money, A perfect Addition to my Tech And Home!!!!
Now I am able to integrate my smart home devices. Works like a charm. Alexa is still developing her skills but she's keeping me entertained. Job well done Amazon.
Echo is wonderful. It understands spoken language very well. I love how it's compatible with IFTTT. It can do just about anything.
Very capable wireless bluetooth speaker, but the real genius is the awe inspiring voice recognition. It blows away Siri and other voice assistants. There is something really magical about using your voice as a computer interface. Constant over the air updates mean that this device gains new functionality every week.
Amazon echo is simply an amazing product. I was able to set it up in minutes. In addition to all of the normal stuff you see on TV commercials it also integrates well with with all of my existing gadgets (Nest thermostats, Rachio sprinklers, Fitbit, Security system, Harmony remote hub, etc through IFTTT. My wife loves watering her flowers outside just by asking Alexa. The only thing I am really mad about is that it's now $20 than I bought it from Best Buy 4 days ago.
Amazon echo better known as Alexa is much more than a smart speaker. To unlock its true music potential, one should have amazon prime. Great at understanding basic questions, Alexa will also give you news briefs and play music via amazon, Pandora and Spotify membership. The true joy of Alexa is its home automation commands via smartthings, hue, nest, etc. Highly recommended for those seeking more than just a smart speaker with decent mono sound.
One of the best products on the market.its amazing how well the Echo works.The technology that its using is some of the best I've ever used only Siri is better. I lover everything about well worth the money a I give it five stars.
So far the echo has been great...but there is a limited amount of skill and a lot of them are very useless. Once I add the accessories tonmake my home "smarter" I can get more use out of it. The speakers are incredible. Hope to have one or a dot in more rooms.
this is a great item-- great speaker, can sync it up to your lights, etc
Love this device!! Easy to set up and fun to use. Highly recommend.
Love, love, love her. Looking forward to expanding on the abilities.
We are using Alexa for many daily chores, music, weather, radio etc.
The Echo is a very interesting item that is entertaining and fun
Gave this for a gift and they absolutely love it. Also purchased the stand so it won't tip over. Easy to use.
Alexis is very useful for many different fun apps.
This is the best tech device for the home. It keeps one company and communicates with the owner. It might be a life saver for the single person, the lonely elderly, and the young that likes new technology.
cool gizmo, definitely a great gift for the person that has everything!
This is a very cool item. The voice recognition does not work great when playing music, but still good product
This is great toy. You may not need it, but you'll want it, and love it when you start using it.
Amazon echo has been a great product. We are able to turn our lights on and off, get the news, sports and traffic and even schedule calendar events just by asking Alexa to perform the task. Love this product. Can't wait for further integration with our home.
I love the Amazon Echo so much I ordered two plus am planning on ordering the echo dot along with the nest thermostat 5 Switches that are Alexa enabled and the ecobee that is Alexa enabled. I would highly recommend them to friends and family.
Great device to use, not essential home item but definitely a fun item to have.
One of the best products ever created! Love Alexa!
I seen the commercial and had to have it. My husband and kids got me this for mother's day, I'm so happy and love it.
This product is very amazing it fast to answer and it does so much more...love it...
I just love the Echo, it's easy to use, smart, and I love listening to music.
this thing works great. it was simple to set up and has great sound. all of my Amazon prime music is available. we keep it downstairs where we watch tv so it is available. Now we need a "spot" for the kitchen. Set a timer, put items on the grocery list Etc.
Alexa is one smart device . she reminds me of appts. Controls my lighting.once I change my themostat she will make sure we are comfortable.
The Amazon Echo is their response to Siri in stereo. It has terrific voice recognition and constantly learns new things. The only shortcoming is that it doesn't play nicely with iTunes.
The Amzon Echo is like a dream come true. Everyone in my house feels like we live in some future movie. We use it everyday to get our news, weather, cooking timer, control our lights, control our AC and listen to music over Spotify, all with just our voice. It's useful to get quick wiki info or even just for a joke. The kids love to play paper rock and scissors with her. My only regret is I don't have another!
The family love's asking questions. We also enjoy the shopping list and jokes.
Very easy setup. Works every time. I have my lights, AC and TV controlled by the echo.
The best product to come out of Amazon. Just love my Echo, works well as smart hub
After reading the reviews, it's an awesome gadget added to the collection!
Got this for my wife and she likes it. My boys love it even more! "Alexa, tell me a joke..." "Alexa how big is the earth?"But when this is integrated with Prime, it is fantastic. From playing all Prime playlists to music in my library. She keeps tabs on our grocery lists. Tells us the traffic. Weather. Movie time listings (and where.)"Alexa, Thank you." "You're welcome, glad I could help."
This thing is awesome!!! Its very easy to setup and fun to use. The speaker sounds amazing and the microphone is incredible. I wish my siri could understand me as clearly and accurately as Alexa does. I can't wait to expand my whole house automation!
I read the reviews, watched the YouTube videos, did tons of research and talked myself into getting an Echo. I am so glad I did. It has been the most useful thing I've purchased in years, turning out to be one of the most fun ones, too. I get my news, weather, music and audio books with nothing more than a request to Alexa. I also control my Nest thermostat and Philips Hue lights with a request as well. I have my alarms set up through my Echo as well as my shopping list, to do list and about a hundred other things it seems. I love my Echo, I think you'll love it, too.
Got the Echo for my husband who just loves it. I think it has become his best friend
It's a positive addition to the household. I enjoy having Alexa.
What can I say, this is a great device that makes many home tasks easier and more fun!.
Get one!! She gets smarter every day.. I've had echo for a few months and love it
Control it all with your voice, need I say more? Very user friendly and easy to set up. Once you start using Echo, you will wonder why you didn't before.
Echo is great for quick question and very entertaining for my son he is always coming up with questions for Alexa. The last thing I do before walking out the door every day is ; Alexa what is the weather and traffic today? Technology today gotta love it.
Siri is great but Alexa takes hints up a notch. I have gotten Philips Hue bulbs and love that I can control lights throughout my house by just asking Alexa to manage them.
With amazon prime I was able to create a huge play list. My Echo also turns on lights in some of the most inconvenient areas. Alexa keeps me informed on news weather and sports.
Alexa does a great job playing music and adding items to my shopping list. I have not used very many of the skills but I think this item has great potential to continue to improve.
I love Echo. Love the Music, weather, news& workout
Love using the Echo to add stuff to my wife and my shopping list, turning on and off lights in our house, and for getting some daily news read to us! Soon will be adding an EcoBee thermostat so we can voice-control that, too!
Best thing to happen to my life !!! And got it cheaper being in the Best Buy program.
One of my best purchases, way better than Siri on an iPhone.
I love my Amazon echo. Amazon is always updating the software so Alexa is always learning new things that can be useful on a daily basis.
I absolutely love Alexa (the wake-up name for the Echo). She tells me a funny fact every morning after I say "Alexa, good morning" then I tell her to play my favorite wake-up song(Good Morning Starshine) followed by the local weather and morning news. I get free music all day long from Amazon Prime and I can always hear a Chuck Norris joke. The sound quality is amazing, comparable to a Bose system and it was perfect for our last party. I get updates all the time for new stuff Alexa can do. I love my Echo and find it endlessly fascinating!
I was in need of a new small speaker for music in the kitchen. The Echo has been a surprisingly awesome addition to my home. You know that best friend in college you listened to music with who had the most extensive selection of bootleg cassette tapes you had ever seen? With my prime account through Amazon, I have spent countless hours playing music long forgotten. "Amazon, play {insert artist here}..." and I am reconnected to old music and exposed to new. I love asking Amazon about the weather while making my coffee. The sound quality is fantastic. There is so much that the Echo can do that I have yet to explore. I started using the grocery list this morning and feel like there is more and more to get out of my Echo. I will be buying an Echo for my folks soon- and my teenagers love it. 5 stars!
Everyone love asking Alexa questions. She has earned her place in the middle of the livingroom now. She listens to your commands, plays songs, reads books, and even controls electronic equipments around the house for you. I sometimes wish Alexa could be portable to follow me everywhere. ;)
I'll admit it -- I'm kinda lazy. But this thing is so much fun AND feeds my laziness! Easy set up, does all SORTS of fun things....My favorite is being able to wake up in the middle of the night and say "Alexa, add orange juice to my shopping list" and go right back to sleep.
It's a great technology device and the voice recognition system works great! I can control my house thermostat and yard sprinkler system from the Echo. Echo can also be setup to control the lighting in the house as well. Echo also provides some entertainment for the kids when they ask her random questions and receive comical answers. I have to say it's really nice to just read my shopping list to Echo and have it on my phone for when I go to the grocery store. I've also done away with my alarm clock in my bedroom and use the echo as my alarm clock and weather station. If it's searchable on the Internet, Echo can usually answer your questions. Even though it still needs some fine tuning it's still a wonderful new piece of technology.
I bought the echo after I used it at a friends house, we have a large family so the echo gets used alot and moved around alot, its a huge favorite of everyones
The Amazon Echo is a very nice addition. It's kind of like Siri without the need to hold a phone. I have it paired with my WeMo switches and so far it works great!
This is an awesome device. It does everything advertised and then more! Weekly updates on new features are great to receive. No complaints.
Just as expected...The Amazon Echo performs great and is an excellent product to add on to a connected home.
Very cool product. Easy setup and very easy to use. Setup was fast, especially if you already have a Amazon account.
Bought this as a present for our son, turns out to be a great present for the family. Very easy to use and as advertised.
Wife and kids love this product. I think it has become our personal weathergirl.
This piece of tech. is amazing and functional. I liked it so much specially in the morning to check weather, news and listen to some music. High qulaity and solid.
I got it because it is very helpful. Just by calling her name and on top of that ANYTHING you ask her she has the answer. It's like always having someone to talk to. I love my Amazon Echo!
We have so much fun using the echo almost everyday. We don't give command to echo, we talk to her (yes, echo is not an IT).
It literally speaks for it self!!! It's awesome to have something update me on news and entertainment! And the fact that it uses spotify for music as well, that's to awesome. I got it on my Birthday and told Alexa ( the echo's name) it was, and she said, " happy Birthday". That's Show's how personal it can get, then the other voice active products. The speaker works almost to well! I live in a 2 story town house, and the voice command can work as I'm walking down stairs. Just check the product out for yourself. You will want one!
The sound is amazing -- we mostly play music but also use it to answer questions for fun. I just wish it was wireless. I bought a 2nd one since I loved it so much!
The Echo is amazing. I am able to control the smart home devices from a number of different platforms. Also having the timer and alarms functions makes sure I am able to keep on schedule if needed.
Ha my anticipated my purchase having to wait to purchase it, I read a great deal and it did not disappoint. I love my Echo!
Just plug in and go. Very easy to use right out of the box. Speaker seems to be great quality.
I'm a techie. I love cool products.The Echo is a wonderful addition to the home automation revolution.Besides the home automation benefits, the sound quality is superb for the size. I love being able to play music, change the volume, and get updates all via voice. I would like to see some additional updates to how you can interact (without having to say Amazon or Alexa to trigger).Recommend it highly!!!
Great voice recognition - super easy to set up - the closest you'll get to the computer on the Enterprise!
Hands free operation at it's best. I have my Philips Hue hooked up to it (operating my kitchen and family room lights) as well as Pandora, iHeartRadio and my Nest. I have been using it for the past two weeks and I love it. The only issue I have experienced so far has been when I asked Alexa to turn on my family room lights, only one of the two bulbs turned on. This however, might be an issue with the Philips Hue hub. Other than that this has worked out great.
Ordered multiple products. Both are great. One I have purchased before.
Full of knowledge and easy to hook up. Would reccomend
I have wanted Echo ever since it came out. I ordered it off of amazon and they kept saying it was on the wait list. Walked into Best Buy and it was on the shelve in the store. Grabbed one and it was worth the wait. When I got home called Amazon and cancelled my order.
Bought this as a gift for my husband. He loves Alexa and speaks to her daily. Can't imagine how he survived without the Flash Briefing or Sports update. The Echo speaker is not as good as our Sonos, but it is great to get the weather or set a timer without touching a device.
The Echo has become an integral part of our lives. From turning lights on/off to playing music, getting news briefs or sports score and asking it questions whether important or silly, Echo lives up to its expectations. If you are in to home automation it is a good solid start. Amazon adds new Skills by the day that you can enable from the free Alexa app. Once you buy an Echo you will want another another or 2 more. Skynet is here, Embrace it.
I'am having a lot of fun with the Amozon echo there is so much to learn i get email letting me know what she has learned and up dates The sound was really amazing for something so small
I love Alexa, she has gotten me in trouble from ordering from Amazon but still love the Echo.Every week it seems like she can do more. If you're a Amazon Prime member it's a great device.
We bought the Echo because we listened to the music at a friends house,- We came home and ordered it that day. We think this is the best little invention so far. We love listening to our music anywhere there is an outlet and wifi. Go buy one. You won't regret it.
This is my second Echo. The first one I purchased at Home Depot for 139. I knocked it off my nightstand a few times with no damage. The last time it fell, it completely died. So now it's just after Christmas and they are few and far between to purchase one. Amazon has a back order for almost a month for 179 and eBay tries to rape you with prices up to 300. I finally gave in and purchased one for 200. I love the Echo and all the accessories that you can purchase for it. BEWARE, buy a stand or wall mount for your Echo and protect your investment. My mistake the first time. If you have pets, you can count on it being knocked over. There are too many components inside the Echo to be abused. That is all.
When I originally wrote this review this remote shipped with the Amazon Echo. Since that time Amazon has made it a separate purchase and dropped the retail price of the Echo by twenty bucks. I purchased my Echo via the Prime invitation for ninety-nine dollars, and at that time it came with this remote, but as stated - it's now only sold as a separate accessory and DOES NOT ship with the current Amazon Echo offered for sale on Amazon for one seventy-nine at the time of this review revision (12/6/15).-----------------------------------This is an excellent accessory for Amazon Echo owners, but please note you cannot pair more than 1 Amazon Echo remote with the Echo at one time.The remote comes with a magnetic cradle which is very handy for storage. (I have my Amazon Echo in my home office, and I store my remote on the magnetic holder which is attached to the side of a wire shelving unit. The remote will not just magnetically attach to metal devices without the holder however.------------------------------------------------What I have found is that using the remote becomes necessary in these scenarios:1. I'm in another room and I want to direct the Amazon Echo to change music or adjust the volume of music that's playing. (Change album, forward to the next song, have the Echo start playing another Amazon playlist from Prime Music, etc...).2. I want to add something to my Shopping List or To Do list when I'm in another room. I pick up the remote and speak into it, having Alexa add those things which then become visible on my list on my smatphone using the Amazon Echo app.3. I want to know the weather before getting out of bed, but the Amazon Echo is in the other room and wouldn't be able to hear me ask.Read more
I had ordered the Echo and from what I had read I did not think I would need the Remote. The Echo works great if you are in the same Room. I like to listen to Music while I am cooking, cleaning, or doing nothing. I always had to go back in the same room to where my Echo was to change or skip to the next Song if I wanted. With the Remote I can change it from any room. I just stick it in my Pocket and take it out when I want to switch, turn it down or up. Connects through Blue Tooth very quickly. Has a magnetic holder to keep the Remote on (mine is on my Desk Leg) to keep it when not in use. There is a Felt Pad on the back of the Magnetic Holder so that it will not scratch any surface that it is attached to. I love it!
Purchased my first Echo and love it. It seems 'smarter' than other AI systems. Even my wife enjoys Alexa.
Easy to install and great for home! Every home should have one!
This is my second Echo. If you are NOT into home automation, the speaker is worth the price just as a speaker. However, if you have an amazon Prime membership, the Echo really shines with access to prime music and other Amazon services. It is also a good way to start into home automation. I personally have the wink Hub and Relays; Alexa (Echo´s Siri) integrates perfectly with Wink and IFTTT. I am placing Echos in rooms where I want Wireless music and the dots in the rest of the rooms to control my Smart devices from anywhere in the house.
Lots of fun, but also very useful. Have it connected to my Nest Thermostat and going to connect it to my Caséta Wireless switches. The speaker has great bass for its size. Search YouTube videos for tips and tricks. It does more then you think,
Alexa really works. I was sceptical at first, now she is part of the family. I'm cooking , I have three different things on the go, microwave, stovetop, and outside on the grill; all need to be pulled off the heat at different times. No problem , I just ask Alexa to set timers for each item as I go along, awesome! Time to watch a movie now , " Alexa turn off living room lights " The lights dim and she confirms with "OK " - nice. A little bit too warm, " Alexa, set temperature to 69° " The air-conditioner comes on ,magical . My nephew does not like what we are cooking, " Alexa open Domino's " she asks for my order choice, within seconds Dominos has the order, paid for , arrives on time . This is truly one of the coolest devices I have ever purchased . I almost forgot, anytime I want to hear a piece of music that I loved from my past I just call it out and she can pull it up right there and then I can listen to it, in near Bose quality sound , Magic!!!!
I have been watching the reviews online and checking with friends that have purchased the Echo to see how much they liked or disliked its features. Last person I talked to went on and on about all the things there were using it for and that persuaded me it was time and Amazon Prime Day was the perfect opportunity to go for it. Amazon did a fantastic job of creating this tubular info-taining command center! There are so many cool and awesome things its able to do that I'll hit the highlights that work for our household. First, we love that it follows your voice in the room (the circle lighting will show which direction it is 'listening'), the speaker is wonderfully balanced, so whether listening to music, the news or to Alexa speaking, I have nothing but high marks for its sound quality, given its size. Next, set up (after downloading the app to our iPhones) was quick, easy and very intuitive. The more you look over the app, the more you will realize a world of 'skills' that the unit is able to perform once they are turned on and you master the right sequence of keywords to initialize them. We've added things to shopping lists, while asking about the weather and our calendar of events and then asked Alexa to change the temp of our Nest thermostats in various parts of the house, simply by saying her name and then our commands, sometimes sitting in the living room or simply pass through - she is always there listening and ready. We've ordered some LED programmable lights and I can hardly wait for Alexa to help set the mood in the house, room to room, all from a simple voice request. Even though we are fairly tech savvy and have phone, tablets and watches that can control devices, its HUGE to just ask for something and a pleasant voice setting it in motion.I am a regular Amazon Prime shopper and reviewer, if my review helped you in making up your mind about whether to purchase the Echo, please mark the Helpful button, it tells Amazon that folks are in fact reading reviews like this. Thanks!
Very nice to have in the kitchen/living room area Just ask what the weather is The time Play music The news Turn lights on Works great!
My Alexa is so awesome. While cleaning the house it's so easy just to say Alexa play Without having to stop and search for the song in your playlist or choose and pick which songs you want. My housework can get done so much quicker now and is much more enjoyable.
Purchased the Echo as a bridal shower gift. My niece and her fiancé are still learning about all it can do but already reported back to me that they love it. I was told it is the most favorite gift they received.
We are having so much fun with the Echo. Alexa plays our favorite music we've saved in our libraryfinds new songs, gives us news updates and weather reports. I know she does much more but we have not had the time to experiment..The sound quality is great. After we bought ours, I bought a second one for a Christmas Gift.
I bought the Amazon Echo for my husband because he loves music. I was expecting the sound to be okay, but not for it to sound as good as it does. The speakers are of excellent quality. He is very pleased with the quality of the sound, as am I.Even though we use the Amazon Echo for mostly playing music, telling the forecast and adding items to our shopping list, to be perfectly honest, Id love to have another one because we all use her all over the house and I hate having to unplug and move her.
This is such an awesome product I highly recommend it  very easy to use and capable of so much!
I bought for my father and its perfect for him. He loves being able to set reminders and play music he wants.
I had the dot, but it wasnt loud enough. Ive used my sisters and fell in love with this one. She has the black one, so I got the white one & I love it. It blends in and works great.
After experimenting for several months with an Echo Dot, I decided to take the plunge when the Echo showed up online at a deep discount. Like the Dot, setup was easy. Sound quality is awesome. Sometimes it works too good as it listens to everything all the time. Its going to be fun to use just the same.
I have more fun with this thing I'm much more likely to play music or check the temperature or news, because Alexia is constantly attached to my network and is always charged and ready to go. There's no pairing required, so I simply call out her name and she responds. There is always a battle between me and my teenager, trying to outshout Alexa instructions, so we can hear the music that we like best!
This is a great item!!! You can ask her basically anything and she will let you know the answer. Even How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood.
I've had my eye on the Echo for a few months now. I didn't realize Best Buy had got them in stock until I was discussing with the sales person. I decided to give it a try. Set up was so easy. The voice recognition has been excellent. Alexa hears and appropriately responds to all of my requests, as well as my husband's. It really comes in handy in the mornings, as I can request news and entertainment while getting ready for the day. I can review my daily schedule, adjust it, make lists and so much more. Integration with IFTTT works great. The amount of easily available content is wonderful. While I don't have any smart devices such as lights or thermostats yet, I am planning for them, and will be able to use the Echo to control them.
Lights, timers, grocery's, Alexa, Echo's voice service does it all and more. Voice recognition is amazing, from across the room, when music is playing it works. Built in speakers are very good (on a Bluetooth speaker level). Setup is easy with the free App. select what "skills" you want to activate to customize Echo to your home, (skills are Alexa's ability's). More and more integration into home automation weekly, Alexa already controls select lights, switches, thermostats, even integration with some cars (start car remotely, how many miles remain before refueling). What could be easier then using voice commands that work and simply asking questions to get information?
Performs as described. Always reliable & dependable.
The Amazon Echo is a really fun thing to play with. We always try to find new things to say to it which would make it say something funny. The Echo has been the most helpful in our home for creating shopping lists for everyone in the house with a phone. If any of us find ourselves at the store, we know what the others want. Shopping on Amazon is really easy and fun as well. There's a whole bunch of apps so it won't be hard for you to find what will make the Echo useful to you specifically. We love it. I couldn't recommend it more.
We have two Amazon Echo's and both work flawlessly! Easy to set up, great for all around use, constantly add new features.
This is my second Echo Just purchased for new condo Greatest invention - both for music, information and ordering Also, once you attach to voice command features such as lights it's amazing.
Tried different charging blocks, nothing worked properly. Plugged in the Amazon block, Kindle came right up.
This solved the problem of my daughter's lost kindle charger.
I was looking everywhere for this because I lost my charger for my fire stick and i finally found it at best buy. It was a great price and works perfectly!
Love this base for charging my kindle. You still need to use a good cord for most effective charge. With a good cord and this base your kindle will charge in under 30 minutes.
I purchased this wall charger because I have had issues with Samsung and other Kindle chargers. So far, this charger is great. Devices charge rapidly.
Good one and working without any issues. Slim and portable
This product works just as well as the higher-priced ones from the cell phone company.
just bought. seems to be working great so far. not sure how long it will last.
Quickly charges kindle so son can use it. Worked great right out of the package
I found that I was immediately sked by a staff member if I needed help. I received good advice and shown similar alternative products. What I bought was perfect for what I wanted. The price was quite reasonable.
Bought this charger for the Kindle voyage and its great.
I love this charger...charges my devices super fast and I don't have to wait hours
Replacement charger for my son's Kindle, works great, highly recommended.
After purchasing 2 different "brand X" charges at a lower cost, and having both of them fail after a couple weeks of use, I purchased this OEM charger (made by Amazon) for our Kindle Fire. Not only does it work well (continuously) but it fully charges the unit in a matter of 2 hours, instead of overnight charging being required. Still works great, and well worth the few dollars extra in price!
Bought this for my new Kindle since they no longer come with chargers. It's fast and can be used for my phone.
I needed a second charger (for traveling) for my Kindle Fire that was a fast charger. This worked great. It charges my Kindle fire in just a few hours.
Works great !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Old charger was taking forever to charge the device so I went in to Best Buy and found this comparable charger and it works great!
This works well, charges book readers quickly and easily
Hey--It works. I prefer to get a battery recharge direct from the source instead of from my computer. The cord is convenient.
Charged phone well and fast. No complaints as of yet
Charges all my items extra fast. Love it when I'm short on time
Have been using this item and it seems to be working quite well.
I was in line at a store where a elder women was trying to return a Amazon tablet. The customer service rep told her she used a charging block that had caused damage to the tablet and it wasn't covered for replacement. I happy to purchase a charging block that was made for my device.
My son and I bought my wife the Kindle Paperwhite for Christmas and she loves it! This charger is great for trips where we need a charge in the vehicle or while visiting relatives!
This fast charger gets my Kindle HD up to 100 in about two hours much, much faster than the regular 5W charger.-It doesnt hog two outlets when you plug it in. This new design is taller and narrower than the old square charger so it doesnt cover two outlets in a power strip. Its about 2.5 tall, 1.5 wide, and 1 deep.-It has a USB socket. You can use any Kindle micro-to-USB cable of any length. I use the economical AmazonBasics Micro-USB to USB Cable - 6 Feet with no problem.-It charges my Kindle HD from 25 to 100 in about two hours.My only quibble about it is that the two power prongs dont fold into the body of the charger for storage as they did with the old version. But thats just a quibble.
I had a problem with my Kindle not charging, Turns out I needed a new charger and cable. Everything is perfect now. Thank you Amazon for great customer service and for providing me with the charger and cable. Your support representatives are excellent.
This 9W PowerFast adapter amazingly fast. My daughter I use it primarily for our Fire HD 4th Gen tablets. I wish all my chargers were this fast.I'd like to use it on my Kindle Paperwhite but I need to find out if it is compatible - I don't want to ruin it. I tried using it on my 1st Gen Fire but I think I may have damaged it since it was on its last legs anyway.I checked it works on my Paperwhite.
Truly power fast.Amazon products are great! Love how the charger is made well, sturdy, and does exactly what it says it will do!
very happy with this item, protects well, looks good, and was easy to install
I just love this new cover. It protects my kindle and it's easy to put into coat pockets if needed. The colors that matches the kindles are really cool. I don't trust anything else to protect my kindle.
Nice case I love the blue and the magnetic cover it stays on nicely protects the screen and had me a useful standing feature
Love it....the color is bright which makes it easy to find in a suitcase or carry on bag. I carry lots of stuff in my pocketbook because the color is neon yellow it stands out. So easy to grab and read. Took it on vacation loved it. I recommend the color cover rather than black one,
Arrived quickly and works perfectly. Very happy with my purchase.
Love it ! I started with a kindle,then a fire kindle, and now a fire tablet. I can do everything from reading, listening to music, watching movies to surfing the internet. Well worth the money.
Very nice people and good product. I would buy from again.
Wish it had its own onternet connection but other than that great purchase
Bought 3 for different and after 3 years mine went kerplot gona get new upgraded one for Christmas this year
Great item easy to use and setup fast and great for surfing the web yes I would recommend
nice tablet function well great item for surfing the Web easy to use and set up yes I would recommend
Easy to setup, easy to use. I've had another tablet, but it wasn't as easy and comfortable to use. For what I bought it for, it's perfect for me. It weighs less than a pound (compared to my other tablet), and I can read what's on the screen easier. Without a manual, the best thing you can do is play with it. I'm still learning this and expect to get rolling on it very soon.
use it everyday. enjoy reading using the Kindle Fire HD 10.
I love my original Kindle Fire but the size and features on the latest Kindle are a plus
I bought this Tablet for my Wife. She uses it every day. It is very usefulto her. She uses it in place of a computer. She watches movies on it.The Graphics are excellent.
I find the picture quality amazing, the size over earlier model is welcome. Also, battery lasts many hours. For the price, it is a real bargain.
upgraded from a previous model and cannot be happier
Biggest and best Kindle yet. Light as a feather. Buy one today.
This is my first kindle and I have been very pleased with it for what I payed for it.
This was an Xmas gift for my wife. She had wanted a pad of some sort but I just couldn't afford an Ipad so I looked at the Fire as an alternative. First the screen size was just what I wanted. Second the price was very reasonable. Third it had functions and capabilities that were suitable for my wife's skills and needs. She absolutely loves it and I actually got a compliment on my present giving. That don't happen very often let me tell you. I will recommend this she's pleased I'm pleased what else do you need? My son was able to piggyback off of this gift, and purchased her the cover to go with it. So it really worked for my family. And I made my wife happy .
I bought this for my daughter and she absolutely loves this Kindle. It is a good size and the price was right.
Love my new Kindle Fire HD 10. I travel with it as well as use it at home. Perfect size for my needs. I own a 8in. but fount it was too small. Just ordered a keyboard to take when traveling.
This is a wonderful tablet. It's lite weight and super simple to use. I bought one for myself and thinking of getting one for my grandmother.
The display is so much better than my previous Kindle Fire and have found more uses for it. It's nice to pull up my Comcast app and watch shows while working out on the treadmill. It was a pleasant surprise to find that Alexa was loaded as well!
I was initially going to just get the Amazon Kindle but I thought this gives me a tablet and a easy way to read books. I buy e-college texts. It has helped me so much!! I'm so happy I invested my money in this.
Easy to use wide variety of functions awesome price
I bought this for my daughter who wanted an iPad, but for about half the price she is completely happy with it - she even calls it her iPad. I think I may even buy one for myself to replace my aging iPad.
can't say enough about this works awesome great price
Bought for my wife and she loves it. Screen size is a huge plus. Easy to use I.
My wife owns one, so we bought one for my mom who is not tech-savvy, and she seems to be having great success with it so far. Had to buy a case separately because for some reason Best Buy doesn't have any avail in store or even on-line, but the Fire itself is great for light users.
These were gifts for my grown children for Christmas. They were extremely pleased and loved them. Haven't had their laptops out since receiving these tablets. Very convenient and easy to use.
This was an upgrade from my Amazon 7 inch. Bigger screen was the key for me. It's great for listening to music, reading books, watching movies, tv sports, tv shows and playing all the games. Hours of relaxation and entertainment along with Amazon ' s new Alexa.
Love the larger screen and picture clarity. It is very easy to use.
very happy. tablet or smart tv for bedroom. movies,news,games and web browsing. great picture and good sound. best product for price.
An amazing electronic tool, so portable, great storage, books, great convenience.
This Kindle is alot larger and better for viewing.
Received a Kindle Fire as a gift about 10 years ago. Finally went to Kindle heaven. Bought myself a new Kindle Fire HD 10, Geek Squad in store helped me set it up and transfer all my information from old one to new one. I love it and the service was awesome.
Love the apps of this device. Many hours of enjoyment for my son. Nice size for him to watch videos and learn as well.
My husband is up in years & really enjoys spending time on his Kindle. He had a smaller one & it gave out on him so this one is ideal. He spends hours on it & has hours of fun!!!
I JUST luv my Fire HD Tablet,love playing my games on it,so easy to carry around
It has everything I need and the size makes it easy to read.
I did some research on different types of tablets and this one had what I needed
The Amazon fire HD10 is one of the best deals on the market. I've had a IPad and would rather have the HD10! It's what-1/3 of the price of a IPad and just as good, if not better
I love this Kindle 10, it is large enough to see very easily and very easy to handle when traveling. I love the size of it.
Crystal clear screen. Easy to use. Reading for day/night excellent!
I absolutely love my new Kindle. The size is perfect. My kids and I can't put it down!
I use my Kindle fire HD 10 in 3 ways 1 for reading Kindle books, 2 for streaming TV shows or movies while riding my exercise bike, 3 to surf the internet.
I love this kindle! I had one of the first Fire HD kindles that is still kicking and awesome, but when I saw this in the store I just had to have it. I think it's more user friendly and feels like it offers so many more options and functions than the Fire HD I have. Not to mention it dwarfs my last kindle in size. If I had to make one complaint, it's that there is not an "auto brightness" function (or at least I haven't found it) and you can't make your pages a cream color rather than stark white. Both those options were easier on my eyes, but I am testing out the Blue Shade mode to see if that helps as much as it's supposed to with night time/ bed time reading. All in all, I am extremely happy with this purchase.
I LOVE MY KINDLE! I surf the web, take pictures and play games on it. I use it everyday.
This was a great purchase met needs of 93 old mom in law who needed a large read space for bad eyes
Got this for my dad as a gift. He loved it! Great alternative to an iPad
I absolutely love my new kindle tablet!! I love the size and feel of it. It has auto blue shade. I can set it for what time I want it to dim.
I like the bigger screen size. It allows me to read my books without straining my eyes and allows more of the text to be displayed.
I think the kindle is the best value for the money, this is my third. Each model gets better than the last, I'm loving my 10.1. Comfortable to use does everything I need and beautiful video.
Purchased this for my mother for her birthday. She loves it. The large screen is what she wanted most.
I love this product it is so easy to use It has a clear picture
Bought this for someone as a gift and htey love it.
I had a 7 inch kindle hd tablet. I wanted a larger screen so I purchased the 10 inch kindle. I am very happy with the device. I surf the web, play some games, read books, and process my email.
Bought this a month ago. Well worth the money. Excellent size and quality of use. This is my second Amazon tablet. Bought one for my Grandson. Loved his. Decided to buy another. You also access Alexa from this tablet. Only one problem, battery doesn't last as long as it could on a full charge. The large screen makes it great for watching movies on Amazon Prime.
Very nice. Easy to use. Got it to use with Amazon prime. Great combo.
I love it!! It can do it all!! Beautiful color graphics and in no time at all, I can watch a movie or play games or read my favorite novel. I love it!!
Very happy with my purchase!! I bought this for my Mom and it was easy for her to navigate and she was able to easily download books and games.
I love my new Kindle. It is bigger than the last Kindle I had. This Kindle is much easier to handle and to read.
Very large, pretty quick processing, great picture
My old tablet died..needed a new fast. This one was alot better than my old one. Clear screen videos look amazing..Sound is better than expected..It was in stock too. Overall very happy item and buying experience!
I was using a Kindle Fire HD 7--love this new one!!
Purchased a new kindle because my original was very out of date. Has more memory, larger screen and does not freeze up. Love it.
I love my new kindle. It is everything that I want. My only concern was that the store didn't carry the right case or the screen protector.
Bought this tablet a month or so ago and waited to see see how I'd like it. My husband has owned a Zoom and I've owned 2-8 inch Samsungs...this by far is my favorite. (we bought one for him the same time and he loves his too). I use it for email, games, social media, internet and some accounting. I love it. It's fast, reliable, easy to use, easy to see. It seems durable but for extra protection, I bought a shock case with a flip stand on the back so it can be protected and more versatile. My only wish would be that its battery lasted longer for my constant use...but I suppose everyone needs a break every few (2-4) hours. It does charge back up pretty fast.I think its a great tablet!
This was bought as a gift for my wife. She loves it very much. She uses it every day and it helps her relax. I am so happy that we found something she enjoys so much. It's screen is a good size and doesn't hurt one's eyes. It is easy to flow through the apps on the tablet. Thanks...
This is a great tablet. If you are upgrading like I did all your games can be moved over.
My first tablet. OUTSTANDING for NETFLIX, email, etc.
I've had my kindle fire 7.0 for more than 3 years. it works great but I wanted a bigger screen. I love it.
This tablet is certainly large which makes it cumbersome when reading in a reclining position. However, its terrific for reading or watching films on a plane, desk or otherwise sitting up.
This Kindle in the largest,thinnest yetfastestand most durable. We purchase the geek squad insurance with it kindly. Best decision ever.
I love the new Kindle fire 10" HD. I love the large screen to watch movies on.
Large display makes it easy to use. Very easy to use.
I enjoyed the way the Fire 10 transfered all of my books, games and apps. It only took a little bit of time to go through the start up. The Fire starts up quick and I love the larger screen for reading my books. The colors are brilliant.
The tablet is fast, clear, and easy to use. Highly recommended!
Very easy to set up and easy to use. Touch screen response is great. This is my first tablet and I am very pleased. There are lots of available Apps.
I got this for my mom to use as her "computer" and I am so happy with it. It's ease of use and ability to store pics for my mom is a big plus. Thanks !!!!
good,like the larger size screen and able to increase font for easy reading
Since I wasn't familiar with tablets, I had a little trouble navigating it, but the help section was a BIG help to me, as well as your staff. The tablet is doing exacting what I wanted and needed it for. I like the case that I bought to go with it.
Great tablet, great resolution, very light and fast speed.
The size and clarity of this fire tablet is very nice
Love how user friendly the Kindle Fire is, for any age..
Very satisfied. Use it daily while watching TV and other activites
Bought an IPad and didn't like it. Returned it and got the Fire 10.1. This is my third Fire, love it....no.learning curve.
I absolutely love my Kindle-Fire HD 10 16 GB. I can read it day OR night without light. And the picture quality is amazing! I haven't had any problems with it so far other than it's so thin, you need a case so you don't drop it. Very easy to add games, music, and books. I have even ordered items through Amazon without problems. I highly recommend this product.
I recommend this product to anyone who loves to read...great great great
Works great for my grandson - had the Geek squad get a security plan setup on it and him acquainted with it. Battery life not great, but with a bright 10 inch screen on a THIN tablet is not surprising.
I have had at least three Amazon Fires and have been very happy with each one.
makes reading easier and more enjoyable in that I can see a whole page at one time. The protective cover that Best Buy sell was a disappointment in that it covered the On/Off switch and did not hold the tablet very well so that I had to find another cover from another source.
Purchased the Amazon Fire HD 10 16GB for my mother and mother in law for Christmas. They LOVE their Kindle and the large screen is very easy on their aging eyes.
I love it! If I ever get to where I can use even half of its features I'll be satisfied. I bought it because my wife reads all the time, and wanted something that would read to her. We didn't even know about the Movies and other things that are available. The Camera is so nice! All of this and ALEXI too! GREAT!!! Bob Jones...
Upgraded from a 7" to 10" Kindle Fire and it is so worth it. Great picture. Good storage. Love my Kindle.
Love the silver color and larger screen also easy to navigate
Amazing flexibility and range of available apps (over 2,000!) for this product. My daughter loves it!!
very good product. Exactly what I wanted, and a very good price
amazon won't let us download Plants vs Zombies.otherwise, it's terrific.
I love my new Kindle!! I would recommend this to everyone!! It has so many features and love the size!!
I love it!! I would buy this again! Not enuf space
I've had the first kindle fire, I love the tablet.Why because it's bigger
Got this for my "non-techy" husband and he now uses it daily. Easy to learn to use. Harder to figure out how to print.
I would be happy to give it as Christmas gifts to many of the people I know. I love the size of the screen. A charge last and the Bluetooth sinks well with the wireless keyboard. It's almost as good as I IPad.
I love it so much! Easy to navigate, perfect size screen! Very happy!!!
Bought as a gift for Spousal Unit. I have a Kindle Fire 8, but she wanted one a little larger, so the Fire 10 is perfect. Bought a 128 gig mini card so she has plenty of space. She's a happy camper. Happy wife, happy life.
I had a tough time finding reviews for this version of the Tamron. Read several reviews comparing the Nikon and the Sigma equivalents to this lens' previous version. The main draw back for the original Tamron 600mm was some design issues like lack of weather proofing. All those seem to be addressed from what I can see and have read. I have not done a high end performance test with color charts dissecting every bit of pixel like some articles I read. I can say that it works very well and the detail I get with my D810 is incredible. I took the below shot at the zoo. The weight can be off putting to some people but that comes with the territory of any large lens and I don't see this one being anything out of the ordinary when it comes to weight. If you are like me and have been eyeing this lens for a while and over researching, do yourself a favor and just go out and get it. You wont be disappointed.
This was an Xmas gift for my wife. She had wanted a pad of some sort but I just couldn't afford an Ipad so I looked at the Fire as an alternative. First the screen size was just what I wanted. Second the price was very reasonable. Third it had functions and capabilities that were suitable for my wife's skills and needs. She absolutely loves it and I actually got a compliment on my present giving. That don't happen very often let me tell you. I will recommend this she's pleased I'm pleased what else do you need?  My son was able to piggyback off of this gift, and purchased her the cover to go with it. So it really worked for my family. And I made my wife happy .
As a bluetooth speaker, the Tap rocks! The sound quality is excellent, plenty loud when needed, and excellent quality with no stutters in streaming. I bought this one instead of the Echo because it is portable, and I can lug it from room to room. The charging stand is very convenient, and the Tap stays there most of the time. Having to press the button to activate each of the voice commands is not an issue for me, but is something to consider. (If you want hands free use, you may want the big brother Echo device, which is hands free, but tethered in place by a power cord, so not portable). The feel of the Tap with the black fabric cover is nice, and will not slip out of your hand. The fabric is like tough upholstery cover, so it won't stain or be easy to damage, but is quite attractive. I am glad they did that, as bare plastic would be easy to drop. I found it easy to pair with bluetooth and wireless, and it works as advertised! I mostly just use it for playing music and asking Alexa silly questions for fun! I occasionally use it for shopping lists, which shows up on my phone, and checking the weather. Who knows what the future holds,when I have time to sit down and really learn all that it can do? I understand that Amazon plans to add more Alexa skills all the time, and if one got into smart house control with compatible products, the Tap would eliminate all remotes, which I already have too many of. I think it is a really fun, cool item, and I am glad I got it! It is so much fun to use voice commands instead of typing, especially the tiny smart phone typing ! I could get used to this! I have the Alexa app on my phone, which allows certain voice commands to show up on my phone, like shopping lists, to do lists, calendar. The Tap can also check traffic, weather, movies, etc directly through Wi Fi, no phone needed. However, the Alexa phone app actually helps you figure out what you can do with the Tap. The Tap can read Audible and some kindle ebooks to you as well! BTW, I haven't had any problems having it understand me, which is amazing, since I grew up in Texas and expected a problem with my accent. Obviously, this item is ideal for people who are Amazon Prime members, so you can stream Prime Music, although it also streams Pandora and other music services, and does many things without any connection to Amazon. I guess the most unique thing about the Tap is its ability to stream wi fi music directly, without a computer or phone driving it - that and the voice control. I have paid more for smaller "just" bluetooth speakers, so to me, this was a super deal, and continues to be a source of fun and entertainment!
If you have an Amazon Echo already then you know what a great gadget it is. This is Echo in baby size and portable. The newer version can be "woken up" with your voice like its big sister or you can program it to only respond when you push the mike button. It had all the features of Echo and excellent sound for its size. I have it in the bedroom and use it as an alarm and music when I get dressed. All in all a great item for the price.
It's so fantastic to just ask a device to turn on lights, or play music. So convenient. Love this!
I was debating whether to get the stationary Alexa device or the Tap and decided on portability. It's been fun figuring out how to phrase requests but with a little trial and error we're on a roll. I use it for play lists at work, alarm clock announcement by Dan Marino and news briefs. It's surprisingly sturdy but wish it was waterproof so I could take it with me while fishing.
Great speaker and the sound is great. Use it every day. Love being able to use Alexa when attached to my network.
I read all reviews about the tap so I decided to try it, I love it. The tap keeps me up to date with weather, news etc. I use it every day.
IMPORTANT UPDATE (3/8/17): As you read my original review, please be aware that Amazon announced in early February (2017) a new firmware update that allows Amazon Tap owners to enable a hands-free option! By going into Settings in the Alexa app, you can now choose the hands-free option and have your Tap respond to voice commands without touching it, just like the Echo and Echo Dot! This is a fabulous development and something Tap owners have been hoping for. Thank you, Amazon!Since the lack of hands-free operation was the one major shortcoming of the Tap, this wonderful little device has now gotten a whole lot better. One thing to keep in mind, though, especially if you use your Tap on battery power: The hands-free mode will drain the battery more quickly, because it requires the microphone to be on at all times. But since you can easily toggle between hands-free or regular tap mode using the Alexa app, you can pick and choose how you want to use your Tap for maximum battery life and convenience.-------------------------I admit that I was a little skeptical when Amazon first introduced its Echo device. But I decided to buy one anyway, thinking that if I didn't like it I could easily sell it. After all, back in the early days of the Echo it was in very high demand. So the financial risk associated with trying it was minimal. Today, as an avid music listener who loves to cook, I'm thrilled that I decided to give the Echo a try.I had wanted a device that I could stream music with in the kitchen, and the Echos hands-free voice control made it very appealing. But how would it sound That question was quickly answered as soon as I set up and started using my Echo.Read more
Love it works great a lot of fun great for listening to music
So i was looking for a bluetooth speaker for my part time job. A guy i work with at bestbuy showed me his amazon tap speaker and it was awesome! I loved u can hook it up via wifi and stream music and such. Its portable its got clean and crisp sound. It also can leave the phone i had my phone placed upstairs and i was in the basement with the speaker and it was still connected. Its very easy to use i have no complants about this speaker at all
I love this product , so nice to have for trips!!!
Good product works amazing . Works awesome from home .
Anyone needing a compact and easily mobile speaker should look at this. The sound quality is excellent, it is easy to sync via Bluetooth and gives you the ability to stream music when connected to wifi. Great product for the price and perfect for the office.
Most speaker like this will be over USD150.00 but this one is less than that price with a great sound quality
Love the Tap, plays my daughter' s music. Works well if you are a Amazon Prime member.
This product works great with my amazon account and best part is it does not listen too all my conversations. While it is an option I prefer to hit the button for it to recognize a voice command. That way its not listening till I tell it to unlike Google's device and the other amazon devices.
Really like the Wi Fi & being able to take it to any room in the house. My music sounds great. Love all the features.
I first boughy alezxa from amazon and found the voice recognition and search algorithms lacking
Overall I was a little skeptical because this wasn't the product I wanted. Turns out, it's amazing!
I have the Amazon dot, which is great. But after purchasing the tap, which was on sale too, I was sold. You can take it any where. And the sound is great!!!
We have had the full-size Echo for over a year, and I love it. The Tap requires you to push the button before Alexa responds to your requests, so that takes a little getting used to after using the big Echo's voice activated requests. The Tap speaker is not as good as the big Echo, but it is a nice portable blue tooth speaker that holds a battery charge. Overall, I really like this...and I found it at best buy for $78!
This is a awesome product. My husband and I love it.
Unlike the larger version, this does not need to be plugged in..making it portable....although you have to press the button for every request..it's great to take with you where ever you go..fully rechargable
We really love our new Amazon Tap. My Son enjoys playing with it.
The Tap works great, just like Alexa's little helper.
Use is all the time. Backyard favorite. Great by the fire.
I'm glad that I bought this product, it's easy to understand, my grandkids loves it.
Good price works great would buy again good value for the price
I just love this tap!! It is so much fun. The music is so great. I play the relation music every night,every night. Best thing ever!
Great sound quality from such a small item. Easy to hide so it's not noticeable.
This portable Bluetooth speaker has an excellent sound which can be taken anywhere unlike the Echo and Echo Dot which both have to be plugged in. Want to listen to a favorite song? Just ask Alexa. Want to know the weather report? Just ask Alexa. Want to know your horoscope? Just ask Alexa. A lot of fun and entertainment at a great price. Big things come in small packages!
The product it amazing love that it turns in lights on and plays my favorite music.
This Amazon tap is awesome! Take Alexa outside! The sound quality is amazing and the price is right!
Incredible range. Clear sound. We bought the sleeve and hung it in the backyard for a party. Amazing 360 clear sound.
This is a great device, with Alexa, and the battery makes it really portable. It follows me all over the house, on the deck, in the garage, etc.
I have the have the Echo and this portable speaker is a great addition to my automated home. Especially if I'm working in the garage and want to listen to music
I bought this speaker after looking at other speakers from Bose and Beats. I purchased this one because it had great sound, but also because it was cheaper than competitors and had many additional capabilities via Alexa voice control. I love the ability to walk around the house and use streaming services via voice. It's great than I can carry just the speaker and not have to rely upon a phone app to change songs, playlists, volume, etc. The Alexa voice recognition works very well--it seems to be more accurate than Siri. I frequently ask Alexa what song is playing. I also ask Alexa to search for certain songs that I want to hear. If not in my library, it will play from Prime Music, similar to the way Apple Music functions. Additional voice features I use are news reports, weather forecasts, and control of WeMo switches in my home. Overall a great buy.
Has great sound, clarity,alexia has great responses
We use this speaker all the time. It's perfect. I would buy this time and time again.
Purchased this as a gift for a teenage kid as a graduation present. Very pleased with the purchase. The kids love it. Small size, but good speakers. Perfect for the college dorms where he is scheduled to go in a couple of months. Love how the device connects to the cloud and keeps itself updated.
Having fun exploring the capabilities. The sound quality is great!
The tap has pretty good sound for a speaker this size. I also have an Amazon Dot, but would recommend you pay the extra cost and get the Tap to enjoy the better sound. It's worth it.
The Amazon tap I like other then I wish you could just say her name and she would respond. Sounds great when playing music
The Amazon Tap puts out an impressive amount of sound for such a small device. A few things to note if you're not familiar with the Tap or haven't seen it in person:- It's roughly the size of a glass of water- By default, you do have to press the microphone button to talk to Alexa, but as of an update released on Feb 17th, 2017 there is an option in the Alexa app to make the Tap always listen without pushing the button (at the expense of battery life)- The speaker grille is not metal, though it looks like it in pictures. It's a mesh fabric, similar to what you'd feel on the end of some speaker grilles and micrphones. It's firm and comfortable to hold, but if you push hard enough it does flex. - Using a sling or other case will most likely not allow you to use the charging dock, as there is very little room between the tap and the dock for any kind of case.- You can charge the Tap using either the included dock or by plugging any micro USB cable (one is included) into the back of the speaker.
Omg I am so enjoying this. Sitting around the back deck with family wishing we have music that doesn't require plugs or wires. Saw it online deals of the day read the reviews and ordered on he spot and drove a half hour drive to my closet Best Buy. Play it now everyday.
Didn't want to spend $200 on the Echo for someone who's not use to using a Bluetooth speaker. Great buy and functions well.
The Tap is a fun way to be able to bring Alexa around your home. Where ever you are, you can get access to all of the information, music, news, radio and more!
I purchased this for my son's birthday.. he loved it..
This is a fantastic little speaker with the power of Amazon Alexa. I use it to stream Spotify, Pandora andESPN Radio. Small speaker fills the Garage like a concert hall. Battery last 8 hrs and the charging stand could not be simpler to use.
Love all the features that come with this speaker. Alexa function by tapping device is a nice change of pace from the always listening echo and dot! Above avarage sound on the go and got a great deal on it!
We love that it is portable and can move from room to room effortlessly.
Great item, good service from Best Buy. It is uncanny that new and unique products are introduced often.
Love the Tap! Bought it as a gift and love the sound quality. For such a small speaker, it packs a big punch!
I have owned the Echo for about a year now and enjoy the features it provides. Although the Tap doesn't have the hands free feature of the Echo I like its portability. I'm able to take it outdoors at home and using the WiFi play music or even use the other features available by just asking Alexa. The unit is well built and I really like the charging cradle provided.
It's great just wish it did not need a button to work. Otherwise love it!
I debated between the tap and echo, and this went on sale just before Xmas for such a great price at Best Buy. That helped to make up my mind pretty quickly!
Amazon Tap is a great device. The device has very good audio quality despite it's small size. The biggest difference between this and the larger Amazon Echo, is that you have to press the "microphone" button before the device will listen to you (which is great for people who are concerned that the Echo is always listening to what you say). So far, the battery life has been great. With the Alexa app, it is very easy to connect this device to different Wi-Fi networks.
Camera was perfect for my daughter... she's in yearbook at school and fell in love with it...
Love it, take it with me everywhere, Not all of us are computer/technical savvy. Need better written, printable instructions on how to use. Step 1, step 2, etc.
I bought this about a month ago and I really like it. The best part is light in weight, sound is very good for small gathering like on the deck or camping and it comes with Batterey charger. The voice command activation is so great to have and listen all my music plus worldwide radios from TuneIn.
Gift for my wife to listen to her music when she's sewing plus being able to purchase supplies as she runs out.
I wanted to buy a Tap when it was first released. I have several Echo's in the house, but having a portable Alexa enabled device is awesome. Unfortunately, when it was first released, the tap could not be operated hands-free. I held off purchasing one because I was afraid Amazon would wait for new hardware to add that feature.Earlier this year Amazon enabled hands-free mode, and it works almost as well as the Echo, despite having fewer microphones.Sound quality is very good. It's a small speaker but very capable. Battery life is excellent. This is currently the most flexible implementation of Alexa and I recommend it.
Bought the echo first, and liked it so much I bought a Tap to add mobility. I carry it around all the time, to the garage, working out, etc.
I was looking for a blutooth speaker to use with my phone but I didn't want to worry about things being ordered on my amazon account or the whole dreaded electronic eavsdropping that has been in the news the last few months. This speaker fits the bill as you can disable order by Alexa, and you have to manually push the listen button for the mic to pick up sound. The speaker quality is great for a portable option. The only thing that I don't like is the charging stand can lose connection if its not sitting just right, but I can't knock a star for this as they allow you to plug the cable directly into the unit itself which solves the problem.
I live in a small apartment and this fan kept the whole place cool.
Chose this over a regular Bluetooth speaker and am so glad I did. Alexa really helps me be hands free and get things done. The sound quality is great. I've used it in the bathroom and no issues with steam.
Serves my needs as required. Sound is good. Ability to move device where required is ideal
I love it it does everything I want can't believe how great it is
This is my second Echo purchase. My first was the original Echo for my home and the automation feature aside. The sound is excellent, Alexa's response is better than any digital assistant to date, and the ready access to Prime is convenient. This is all of that and portable and rechargeable as well. Additionally the inclusion of Bluetooth and a headphone jack is amazing.
This is the one to get after Amazon's update to have the device always on. It also has the best speaker of the three.
Truly amazing combination of portability and ease of use and good sound.
Great speaker and Echo substitute. This is great for on the go as a Bluetooth speaker and when connected to the internet it works great using the Alexa app.
Before I bought this I had a blue tooth speaker and an iPod touch. Both of which had to be charged and turned on etc. now I just tell Alexa to play music.
If you want a certain level of privacy and at the same time a speech enabled assistant, then this is the product for you. The Tap only listens to your, when you push the "button, otherwise it is deaf to its surroundings. You get the awesome power of Alexa, provided by Amazon, and no worries about anyone listening to you surreptitiously.
Great sound and portablebility. Nice style, lithium battery, requires wifi and there are internet radio stations and news. Amazon has features available as well. I use mine a lot.
Great sound. Portable. The kids love it. Didn't think I would use it but I tend to use it a lot.
It's a great device to have. It does so many things. Very practical.
The touch is a great device to control connected home products. Perfect for outside use for prime music also.
Alexa works great. It was easy to set-up and to us. My wife uses it for playing music through her iPhone and is very happy with it. I am always finding and learning new things with Alexa.
Fun new product. Great gift idea especially if you aren't good with technology.
Great sounding Bluetooth speaker. With the Alexa feature I listen to Kindle books that are not available as audio books
Bought this for my boyfriend, he LOVES it! He takes it on every trip we go on. It's so powerful for such a small speaker! I would definitely recommend this to anyone.
I bought this as a gift for Christmas and it was well liked
We got this for my son for xmas. He loves it. He uses it daily.
Amazon Tap is awesome. Seems to do everything the Echo does for a lesser price.
I bought the Amazon Tap when it was on sale. I already had the Amazon Echo and the Dot. The Tap was a pleasant surprise. Speakers aren't as strong as the original Echo, but the sound quality of voice and music is more than acceptable. TheTap will do virtually anything that the more Expensive Echo can do  including hands-free voice commands. Plus, it's portable and has a wireless charger base, so that it stays charged. It is easy to set up if you follow the instructions carefully. It pairs with your home wifi network, and can also act as a bluetooth speaker when paired with your phone or other audio source.
Love being able to use Alexa unplugged. Amazing device!
I enjoy that I can use Alexa and take it around with me. Especially being able to listen to music anywhere I want.
Great sound, almost perfect interactions and portable. I have the dot and now the tap. The new update allowing voice activation is awesome. Great toy!
Happy to have purchased this one for my birthday and this is the best
It is great to take my Tap on the road. Easy to use and sounds great.
The Amazon Tap has great sound and plays most of my requests. Easy to use and easy to set up.
This is an excellent product - speaker quality is amazing.
Great outside speaker and alexa is really great to use.
The Amazon Tap has great sound and is responsive to requests for the songs and music I like. It has a rechargeable battery and is portable which is great for taking your music with you as you move around. Thumbs up for the Tap!
You know, for about a year now I've been thinking of getting a portable speaker, so when the Tap was on sale I decided that this was the perfect answer since I was already committed to the Alexa paradigm.
This is a great buy for music, news and any kind of information you want.
This product works great as a little helper and as a great speaker for music. I purchased this for my mother in a nursing home, she loves it! It is very easy to set up and use.
It works well it takes time for it to know your vocabulary
i got to say that love it!! makes it easier to play music without pairing any device to it and perfect sound for my needs.
Amazon has been the leader in this space of voice recognition and with the AWS engine behind it, there's a lot of opportunity for development, both from the community as well as Amazon. Naturally they favor interaction with services they sell, so others will need to build links to others, but the development environment seems to support a lot of innovation already. The price of this TAP was outstanding, adding it to my existing ECHO and now considering a DOT.
Love it's portability and and sound love all my Amazon echo items
I have owned three versions of the amazon echo: the original, the dot, and the tap. This is the most versatile of the three. The wireless recharging is great. The sound is not as good as the original, but the portability makes up for this. At $79 it was a fantastic buy.
Sleep design and works great. Ideal gift for the person who has everything.
This is one of the coolest new inventions around. It is very innovative and works great. It's really neat asking Alexa to play different songs and telling it you are bored.
This is a very nice addition to the alexa family pf products. It is wireless so you can move it around to house wherever you want to listen to music at without having to search for plugs. Great sound and portability.
I bring it when hanging out outside, exercising, doing housework anywhere my echo won't hear me
I have missed my Pandora since I moved from Ft. Worth, TX to Colorado a few months ago. My nephew had the Amazon Tap and I was amazed at all the things his kids were having fun with it ( saying.. ALEXA.. tell MIMI (their Grandmother) to GO TO BED.. AND IT DID!! And the sound and quality of music coming from it. Awesome. :) I had to have one, so I went to local Best Buy and bought it. I even set it up myself (I'm 65 so was impressed with myself! LOL) but I have listened nonstop to 60s music or music from DIRTY DANCING (which I loved). I have ordered a little case from Amazon.com to keep it if it tips over or just to carry from room to room, which I have been doing. I feel like I have a new found friend.... love listening to this little cylinder who is as good as BOSE in my book! Get it, you'll love it! I DO!! :) VERY VERY pleased with it! Weather updates here or where my kdis are. Just checking. :)No interruptions or commercials when listening ALL DAY LONG!
Wait for to be on sale it's worth it definitely you will love it
Excellent speaker, love the portability and long lasting battery before a recharge is needed. A very good digital assistant and lots of fun to use.
This Amazon tap is not only a great Bluetooth speaker, which is half of the reason I bought it for. But it also has some awesome voice control. I bought a wemo switch, plugged it into an old lamp, setup some commands with ittt, and in 5 minutes I was using my Amazon tap to control a lamp. Pretty cool. I love this Amazon tap it is light, portable, smart, has a great dock so I don't have to fuss with cables, and it has a 9 hour battery life, so I can go all day playing music.Being a Google play music subscriber The only thing missing from this speaker IMO, is a way to wirelessly stream my Google play music to this device using Alexa that is built in. You can use iHeartRadio, Pandora, Spotify, prime music, heck even Apple iTunes got some love, but no Google play music. Come on Amazon show me some love. I pay 15 dollars a month for a family plan which gives me and 5 family members access to Google play music and YouTube red. So it would be nice to use it on my tap. But alas the Amazon tap is a Bluetooth speaker so I can always use my phone as a streaming device, or hook my phone up through the aux port as well. But all in all this is a great speaker, that can do everything any Bluetooth speaker on the market can do plus a little bit extra.
Love Alexa. We currently have three devices that we use on a daily basis. I use one at work basically for streaming music. Great device. No problems connecting to any of them.
I love my new toy. Alexa is my personal girl Friday. She understands what I want and retrieves it. Easy to set up and use.
best portable speaker I've ever owned. I use this everyday, mostly when getting ready in the morning or when I have guests over. Good sound quality and links to the Alexa app just like an Echo. It come with a charging base that allows you to not have it plugged in unlike the Echo. Also connects to a mobile device via bluetooth or aux cord.
great sound easily portable around the house both inside and outside. the option to have it automatically respond without pushing the button was a surprise but a welcome one!
Love having the wireless tap to use anywhere. It's small, sound is good. charges up quickly. Bough the sling to protect it outside.
It makes me so happy to listen all kind of their music station
This is a great addition to my expanding smart home. The speaker sounds great and alexa is very responsive.
It is a great addition to my home office. My Alexa is upstairs.
I love using this as a speaker for my MacBook. I keep it in my office and use it daily!
Great service I loved all of the items and were great gifts
I only purchased this because I loved the sound quality. Alexa is just a added bonus personally as I rarely hit the "tap" button to ask her anything. The few times I asked her questions, she hasn't disappointed. EXTRA: Now what would make this device amazing is if Alexa was able to connect to my Apple Music playlist! If only...
I picked this up after purchasing an Echo. I wanted something battery powered that would work the same as my Echo. I use both devices mostly for music. It's great to be able to hear Pandora, or my Amazon music library with just the speaker now and not have to use my phone, laptop, etc. I can just grab the Tap and go anywhere in my house, outside to the deck, anywhere that I my wireless will reach.
This is awesome addition to the stationary Echo. I can take this out in the yard or garage when working outside. Great sound and long battery
Amazon Echo is great. But it is stuck at home. Amazon Tap on the other hand goes everywhere. In the short time we have had ours, we have brought it to Sweden, Portugal, the lake up north and friend's houses. It has served as a music host at card games, answered questions and added things to our shopping list. It is easy to set up Amazon Tap to a wifi network using the Alexa app on your smartphone. You can also easily pair several devices to the Tap via Bluetooth. What really makes this device great is that the cloud based software is continually updated. New skills and capabilities are made available on a regular basis. Amazon really hit home with the Tap as the voice interface is so easy to use, and the portability makes it a great.
great device to listen to music,best blue tooth on the market today,I highly recommend it
I was a little skeptical at first about the Amazon tap but after discovering how easy it was to set up, I was able to connect to my music library with ease! Great sound and nice to have the portability to take with me!
Great additional piece to go with Echo. If you want a additional unit you can't beat this product and the price!
I absolutely love this speaker. It is easy to use and the app is user friendly. I have used it at the beach, pool, lake, and park I will not travel without it.
Easy set up and amazing usefulness, love it. I use it all the time and continue to find new ways to take advantage of all there is within Alexa. Will purchase another one for bedroom!
Good speaker. I've learned to really like Alexa. She's more than a speaker. Lots of options. Carry it around for use on our outside decks.
Love Alexa....it works so well. Speaker system is excellent and it is amazing how many things it does!
Amazing Sound! All around great product! Nothing negative so far.
We bought to give away at a Halloween party. We own them ourselves and they are awesome
Very enjoyable and easy for listening to music selections online. It sounds very good for it's size.
I wanted to get a portable Bluetooth speaker that I could use while out as well as at home. The tap has great sound quality and Alexa is more useful than I would have thought.
This speaker has some kick. The sound quality is great that this little speaker is able to put out
The Tap has been wonderful! We use it as a timer, for a weather update and for general music. The sound is terrific. I would recommend this unit. It is certainly easy to use - just a tap away.
Want to try one and Best Buy put up the best price. Th tap is good for usage on the wifi network. Use it to play music outside around the house.
I purchased the Amazon Tap when it was on sale for around $80. The sound is amazing (unlike my Amazon Echo it has stereo speakers!) and the battery life is great! It has Wi-Fi and Bluetooth so you can stream from the internet or from your mobile device. Highly recommended!
We have bought two Taps, one for ourselves and one as a gift for our son. We love the portability of the Tap. It's perfect for our deck. Our grandchildren love it, too.
I have an Amazon Echo and an Amazon Dot. Love the functionality. Decent sound for what they are. I just wanted something portable for outside.
This product is awesome. You can play your favorite music instantly. Also had great fun asking Alexa questions. Some serious some funny. We love it!!
Bought this for our 7 and 5 year old. They love to play music and ask questions about science. Lots of fun!
I was impressed with the sound of the original Echo, the price of the Dot. The Echo Tap is the best of both and Portable. I have echos in multiple rooms. I got this to bring music outside to the patio. The music has rich bass and clear sound perfect for tunes or talk. Now that SiriusXM is on Alexa too I have access to great music, Howard stern, NFL, MLB and all the rest of the satellite radio content. The great thing about the tap is unlike a normal Bluetooth speaker this one works solo with Alexa and wifi. Even my wife loves it I think she talks to Alexa now more than she talks to me.
Powerful and quality sound, love the portability. Just don't understand why this one can't read my notifications while the dot can.
I bought this for my mother in law to use when she is outside gardening. She had a huuuge portable speaker that didn't sound very good and used many double 'd' batteries. This one sounds better and lasts all day. I was concerned she wouldn't be able to figure it out, but it is so user friendly she has no issues with it. She loves it and that is a good thing.
I believe this is the best Amazon device because of the portability. Quality seems good. Works well with no problems so far. It's a great portable Bluetooth speaker with alexa.
Pleased with all the features. Amazon did another fantastic job with bringing great sound inna small package.
The Amazon Tap is a perfect complement to our Amazon Echo. Put this in our office space...has all the advantages of the Echo and is also a great Bluetooth speaker. Having to "tap" the mic button to summon Alexa is no issue at all! Sound quality is as good as any Bluetooth speaker on the market and it's extremely portable.
I bought 1 of everything. Like this one the best. VERY good sound, grab it off the base and take it to another room or outside and enjoy the music.
I have the Amazon Tap (which I purchased at Best Buy about a month ago) and love it so much I bought one for my son and his family. They love it, too!
bought as a gift for my daughter. actually sounds better and easier to set up than expected. the personal assistant feature is really amazing, instant response to requests for information and music.
Looking for a radio for the kitchen this works great the more you use it the smarter it gets
Is it operate my wife loves it my granddaughter knows how to operate a good sounding Bluetooth speaker great freedom it even tells knock knock jokes in makes my granddaughter crack up that makes it worth every penny I paid useful to recommend to anybody
Enjoying the product and feel the ease of use is good.
Smart, timely, very effective around the house. I have a Dot as well but the Tap has MUCH better sound. I had a Google Earth and replaced it with the TAP because Google was not as smart as Tappy!
This is a great product! Would definitely recommend this item!
I have two Echo Dots and wanted something that was more portable for other times when I'm not near those two devices in my home. I also needed a speaker so I thought I'd try the Echo Tap. You can choose to just press it to activate or you can enable hands-free and it will respond just like my Echo Dot does. The sound is amazing out of this little thing. I love the charging dock. No dealing with trying to plug it in... just sit it down on the charging dock and you're good.
Great product works direct with internet access or through your phone
good speaker. 8 hour battery. Good price. Excellent quality in how it is made.
The Tap is portable, has excellent sound quality and is a good value for the money.
Do you spend lots of time on Amazon? Do you like listening to music anywhere in your home? This is the device for you. Even after a month of having the Tap, I'm still learning what all I can do with it verbally. Play genre of music in the HUGE Amazon library. I even have ordered items directly from it. One last feature I want to share is that it provides accurate weather information; current and forecast up to a week.
Love the sound quality, perfect for what l needed it for.
This speaker is great and not only is it a speaker but it's got the Alexa application!
This is a great product I would highly recommend getting it
I ordered this and actually came in earlier than predicted and it works beautiful! I'm totally happy with my purchase!!!
Was easy to set up. Excellent sound quality for the price
Works great if you plan to have it in arms reach. You have to physically tap it to ask Alexa. Store rep knew what we wanted it for and never told us you had to tap, not voice activate. Returned to wait for indefinite out-of-stock Echo to get in eventually.
I bought it for my 15 year old daughter and she loves it. Her friends even loved it so much they went and bought them too.
Great tech works well highly recommended no issues
This is great for the beach or by the pool. If you already own an Echo, this is a great addition to the household.
It's not the echo but for what I paid, it's well worth every penny
Tap is a nice bluetooth/wifi speaker that is portable and can give you information when you ask it questions.Can Sync with your phone via using the Amazon Alexa app.
I use this speaker daily and love the sound quality and its ability to be independant of my phone/tablet unlike normal Bluetooth speakers that require your phone to play music even if they have the same sound quality.
I love this speaker it works wonderfully. Very recommend
This is the best of both worlds. A reasonably priced BT speaker and an Amazon Alexa enabled device. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a BT speaker and considering an Alexa enabled device.
I can't say enough about the Amazon Tap. I enjoy playing music from it and that it's portable. I can play music from my Amazon prime account, Pandora or from my phone. It is fun to ask Alexa questions. Yes, Alexa cannot answer all my questions or find everything I ask for, but it is still amazing.
Seriously a flawless, portable, smart, multipurpose gadget. Add this to the incredible Flash Sale price and I'd have been a fool to pass it up. Fast charge, balanced tuning, easy to pair and did I mention highly portable? The cradle is a sweet design too. The only beef I have is that YOUR BLUETOOTH IS PAIRED screaming at you when syncing. Own one of these-
I use this hours a day. Whether it is for listening to spotify or turning on a wemo-device, the battery life, sound quality, and voice recognition is great.
This speaker puts out some great sounds and has lots of options for connections. And, it is Alexa commandable.
My son requested this a a birthday gift. He is enjoying it everyday.
I love that the tap is rechargeable and portable. Sounds is great! I highly recommend the tap!
Awesome speaker easy to set up. Easy to play. Great by the pool
Reasonably priced and worth every penny! I love it.
Really enjoy the interface and how integrate with the amazon music service .....great
Have Amazon echo, dot and now the tap. All work very well, and.the tap sounds great.
Great speaker sound and ease of setup. Works great with Amazon music option.
Amazon is the tip of leading technology. Always have had great luck with their product.
It was just a few weeks ago that I was bemoaning the fact that I did not scoop up an Echo back when they were being released last year. Not only could it be had at nearly half off the current price, but it came with a voice remote and we could have had a year longer using this amazing device...Well, here I am, a year late to the game and I can now proudly say that I own both an Echo and this new little Tap! Can I just say that I am OBSESSED with all things Echo and Alexa. These are devices that you may not realize how much you'll use it until you've given them a try.I have been spending the last few years getting our home automated. I currently use a combination of Smartthings, IFTTT and Logitech Harmony to control the home. Alexa fits right into the middle of all that and gives us the ability to control our home via voice. For me, this is the killer feature. I can integrate all three parts of our home control right into Echo/Tap and make our house even smarter with very minimal setup.Read more
I already own an echo dot but don't love the sound quality for music playback - the tab does a great job especially when you consider its size and price - overall very happy
Love it I bought it for my mother and father she is easy for them to use and they are in there 70s
This item was very easy to use from the very beginning and was very responsive to my request and commands. I like the fact that you can also add other items to work with it
Bought it as a gift, she loves it. Very entertaining and wonderful volume, having lots of fun with it.
I read reviews for all the Amazon echo products, and decided the portability and the full size of the Tap made it the right product for me. It lives up to my expectations. It does last all day, playing music, answering questions, (although my accent must give it some problems as I get a few "I didn't understand that" comments from Alexa), and setting timers/alarms and lists. I picked the Tap because it has the ability to be moved room to room or even to the patio, and can be recharged overnight.
This is a great piece of hardware...I love it. really good all around..
In my search for a wireless speaker, I looked at various models and decided on this one because of the portability, the look and how it synced with Alexa. I have an Alexa and this product was spot on! The sound is great! I use it in the balcony and stream all music from pandora, different stations and the quality is great!! Definitely would recommend!
Once the tap was able to be activated by voice I started to have some interest. Having said that I notice I do use the 'Tap' button when I have it in my hand. We use it mostly outside and by our hot tub. Took is on vacation this last week and use it at the beach using cell phone as an access point.
I love that this works just like the dot, which I already have 3. However in addition it is portable and has better speaker
I love my tap. It sounds great and is so easy to use.
Overall, I am very impressed with the Amazon Tap. The sound quality isn't the best out there, but the portability makes up for this. The volume is decent as well. There were a few issues with connectivity over the holidays, but for the past month it has been flawless. Very satisfied with purchase.
Sound quality is amazing. I really like the ability to take this on the go. Downside. I wish I didn't have to press the button to talk and to wake the product up
I have a few top end Bluetooth speakers and this Amazon tap rates right up with them in sound and built quality plus it has alexa built in
Last Christmas I gave my nephew a fire stick, which he loved. In the meantime, I purchased an Amazon Tap for myself. Since he likes gadgets, I knew he would want one. So I purchased it for him
The sound out of this little cylinder is incredible.
We already had an Alexa but this one is a great addition. It's portable, rechargeable and good sound.
Look at this product as a portable speaker first and an Echo replacement second. The big reason to buy this over standard Bluetooth speakers is this has WiFi streaming enabled. When you are at home you can stream music with ease to it. Voice recognition is top notch and it really shines when using it with other smart home accessories. The only problem is having to tap the microphone button for it to listen to your voice. If you want bigger sound and always listening features, spend the extra money on the Amazon Echo.
Bought the Tap for my mom to primarily listen to music. Although my mom forgets "the girl's name" haha, we've found Alexa will answer without saying her name. The rechargeable base is nice so the Tap can be moved around the house or outside within range of wifi. Sound is great, too! Pleased!
This item is exactly what I was looking for. It is a perfect size for home or travel. It is very loud for its size.
Bought it for a couple of my friends and it was a big hit with them! Very useful!
If you have Prime this is the best thing you can buy!
I gave this to my daughter for Christmas because she wanted a portable speaker. I thought the addition of Alexa would be fun. She loves it. She said the sound is really great.
The Ultimate Bluetooth speaker...I have multiple Amazon Echos and a Whole Echo System set up in my house. I Love Everything Amazon...I can't stand Apple but now I know how they feel...I am a Cult Member of Amazon!!! LOL So anyway...I have been trashing this device...The Tap...because it does not have the always on feature and that is one of the things I like most about the Echo. The only flaw of the Echo is it is not portable..I tried the Triby but I did not like it...more for little kids. So on Black Friday the Amazon Tap was on super sale so I bought it. The Tap is smaller than I thought it was...about 2/3rd the size of the Echo..which is perfect for portability...But don't let the size fool you the sound is only short of Bose when it comes to volume and sound quality. Important note...You don't have to have an Echo to use this device...just The Alexa App on your smart phone. The Tap does everything the Echo does..It is an Amazing Bluetooth speaker...AND IT"S PORTABLE!!! Automatically switches/remembers different WiFi areas and can be used with a Hot Spot. The Most Amazing thing about the Whole Amazon Echo System is that Amazon keeps making enhancements and partnerships weekly. Meaning something it would not do two weeks ago it now does...Some things Even better than Google Now...and Light Years ahead of Siri. The Tap is my new favorite device...it is PERFECT!!! The only flaw is that it IS NOT waterproof...Amazon if you are listening make the next Tap waterproof!!!
Great product at a great price from Best Buy. Have to press a button rather than just saying her name, but that's the price you pay for it being cordless.
i got one for my mom she's 90 years young and she sits and listens to it all day, she;s got the amazon tap i got my draugther the dot and i got my self another tap. i just found out you can put the tap on hands free and you dont have to tap the button this made it even better. my grand kids love playing ganes with alexa. like i said every household need one
I am in love with the Alexa Tap. This is a great portable speaker and now that the added function of being able to talk to it without manually pushing the button sets this apart from the rest. I would recommend to all.
This is a great device and so much fun to use. It is so versatile in what it can and control.
I have a lot of things in my home automated and we use Alexa as a part of that. I'd wanted a portable Alexa to use in our deck area and first look at a Tap late 2016. I ruled it out because the user had to touch it to enable Alexa which isn't convenient. I purchased a Dot battery pack and it worked okay but once I dropped and broke it, I needed a new solution. I knew that Amazon had added voice activation so I bought a Tap. It is great. Sound quality is good enough for me and it is a semi-rugged Alexa device we can port around outside.
I got it on a pretty good sale... so I feel it was worth it. The sound is good, I like that it's portable and rechargeable. I think it is best if you have a prime account so you have access to the prime music.
The Tap offers all of the conveniences of Amazon's Alexa in a battery powered portable bluetooth speaker. It has a hands free option, it works well both as a way to take Alexa on the road and as your primary Alexa device at home., the Tap doesn't sound as good as other Bluetooth speakers in its price range. It's not waterproof and Alexa doesn't work at all without Wi-Fi. but still pretty cool and heaper than the Echo.
Amzon tap is great and fun Bluetooth speaker with inbuilt Alexa. I can talk it to end of the room and it can still understand my commands and plays music. Cool device and I highly recommend it.
purchased this as a christmas gift for our son in law. he loved it and works well. great sound and loves the portability of the unit.
It works as describe on the box. I didn't research a lot but I did read about it a little.
The ease of Alexa in performing functions is second to none. SIRI who?
The tap is amazing. portable and connected to all amazon content
The speaker sounds very decent for the size and cost but my favorite thing about the speaker is it is wireless and portable. I can charge the speaker and practically take it anywhere without having to plug it in.
The tap is a great product! Access to Alexa in a grab and go format!
This speaker has great sound and is very easy to use.
I added to a "dot" purchase for my daughter, and she loved it! The portability and charge feature she really likes. Great gift!
I like its flexibility, portability and it is the best value option of all three Alexas
For the price this Amazon is amazing. Just like the echo but smaller. I show everyone how great it is.
Love it ... need to get some smart appliances! I also got the Echo dot - wish I got these items sooner
My teenager loves this and uses it daily. We've also took it places with us and the sound is great.
This is so easy to operate and fun too! I love it!!
Fun and easy to use, install app and navigation.Good quality technology.
This is such a great product I have two of them! Would highly recommend.
I have the Echo and I just love it... I bought the Tap for my daughter for Christmas so she does not know she has it yet.
Great sound in a small package for the money and I would buy again.
Love, love, love this! Can't wait to use it on our deck this summer!
Easy set up, tons of music, easy to use. If you are looking for voice activated, this is not it.
Makes for a great alarm and reminder device. I own 2 dots and the tap. Use them all.
I love its portability! The speakers are phenomenal!
I love Alexa! She has been a great addition! Would recommend her to anyone
My wife uses the Tap mostly to listen to music. She loves the fact that she can take it into aNY room of the house. No more having to turn up the sound to hear I'm different parts of the house.
It's amazing! I love how loud it plays the music!!
With the new update allowing hands-free "Hey Alexa" commands, this is a great device. The battery allows you to disconnect from the wall. The sound is very good and fills a small room well with decent levels. Alexa is very accurate (most of the time) to voice commands. My only complaint is that Bluetooth streaming from devices (like my iPhone or iPad) sometimes breaks up and stutters a bit. Other than that, I think this is a great device.
I love this .. Great extra for my amazon echo .. Does everything it does but it's cordless .. Keeps charge for many days .. Push button to activate .. Wireless speaker also out of wifi .. Really cool !!
I have an Amazon Echo and the Amazon Tap works wonderfully with Echo. The sound quality is great. It is easy to use and set up. It beats turning on the receiver for music. If you are looking for great and easy sound machine the Tap is it.
Sounds great. Must touch to activate. Easy to use.
Excellent sound and fun. Very portable and easy to carry in backpack. All the features of Echo and Echo Dot but you must "Tap" the button before speaking.
This speaker is great for the price. I love how the speaker is 360 degrees so you get the same sound in any part of the room.
It has a good sound. The battery last long and it connects easily to WiFi and blue tooth. But you have to touch a button before you speak to it.
What a terrific device. You can ask it anything and she has an answer. It's small enough to place anywhere so it doesn't look instructive
Always loved the Amazon Echo. Now we can rake it with us, outside, wherever!
easy to use , sound is great, i use it any where in the house
Bought this on Deal of the Day which surprised me since it is new to Best Buy. Just push the button and ask "her" to do something such as play favorite radio station or music from play list. Have "her" set timers and alarms to wake by. I haven't used half of the features of TAP. The sound is amazingly great for such a small device.
Didn't know I would like it this much, but it's wonderful. I use it mostly for streaming music from Pandora. I love that I don't have to rely on another device and connect via bluetooth like other speakers and the sound it great!
Loud enough for small gatherings & very responsive to commands.
I bought this as a Christmas gift and it sounds amazing. And of course the integration is wonderful too.
Bought it for Father's Day and my dad and mom love it!
The Amazon Tap is a portable Bluetooth speaker that can be controlled with your voice. You can instruct it to play music, order products and services, control home automation products and connected devices, plus a whole lot more.It contains a button activated microphone for listening to your verbal commands. It also has Dolby stereo speakers for playing music. The Amazon Tap is basically the portable version of the popular Amazon Echo that was released last year.Ive been testing the Tap for several days now. Heres what I think so far: What I Like I find that the Tap understands my verbal commands accurately. This could be due to the fact that, since its button activated, Im always very close to the device when I speak to it. Nevertheless, its nice that Tap understands me the first time. This was my experience with the Amazon Echo as well.The audio is surprisingly good for such a small device. I test portable speakers all the time and Id say the Amazon Tap is as good as or better than the speakers in its price range. Don't expect Bose type sound or deep bass levels, however.No other portable speaker device offers voice control and Wi-Fi streaming. Thus the Amazon Tap offers a tremendous amount of value over similarly priced portable speakers. This is especially true if you already have Amazon Prime and Prime Music.It supports many great services. Like the Amazon Echo that came before it, the Amazon Tap supports popular music services such as Prime Music, Spotify, Pandora, iHeartRadio, and TuneIn.Battery life has been good so far. I used it off and on for a couple days without charging it. Ill post an update once I have come closer to testing the limits of the battery life.Read more
This is a must for Prime members great sound and can be used as Bluetooth speaker to boot.
I love my Amazon Tap. I was in the market for a portable speaker and I saw these one on sale so I decided to pick it up. I only wanted it for a Bluetooth speaker, but Alexa is amazing I use it everyday. Alexa was a huge plus.
Even as a speaker alone this item is worth the price!
I really enjoy it love the sound and it's really easy
Alexa works great and does lots of things for you. Fun for the family.
Plays all my iPod music via Bluetooth. Also plays radio stations you can't get on a regular radio. Very practical and fun.
Awesome product. Enjoy using it everyday. Would definitely recommend
Nice price for a gift idea at the time. Small compact version of Alexa.
I bought the Amazon Tap when it was on sale. I already had the Amazon Echo and the Dot. The Tap was a pleasant surprise. Speakers aren't as strong as the original Echo, but the sound quality of voice and music is more than acceptable. TheTap will do virtually anything that the more Expensive Echo can do  including hands-free voice commands. Plus, it's portable and has a wireless charger base, so that it stays charged. It is easy to set up if you follow the instructions carefully. It pairs with your home wifi network, and can also act as a bluetooth speaker when paired with your phone or other audio source.
I like it. I use it everyday and so far no cons. Im very please.
This speaker has a great sound and its perfect to take out on the patio or in any room that I am in. The tap is annoying compared to the Echo with voice activation, but the wireless features makes the purchase worth it.
Really like the voice commands, including commands outside the typical, movie/tv expectation (like the weather). Haven't used it as much as i thought i would, but set up (for the things i want to do) is fair....
Got it so I can have everything in one device and it does that flawless. It's very fast and responsive and the voice search is really good
Works as described, happy with the purchase.got another one for the room ..
I really get the most of my Amazon Prime Video now. I find it is easy and responsive to use. The main pain is having to change the Input so you have to use three controllers, the media controller, the cable controller and the original TV controller. Fortunately I'm used to that with my Apple TV. It is less fussy than the Apple TV especially when you view Amazon content. Well it naturally would be because the content is automatically there.
Easy connection and very good playing different apps.
I love everything about this item. I can watch whatever, whenever, particularly on Kodi. Good bye and good riddance to cable!
this is best box I ever buy to watch movies and tv shows
Comes with a bunch of apps to watch TV and to play games as well.
It works well for what I am using it for. To access shows.
I recently decided to be a cord cutter and not have cable anymore, just internet. I currently have a Samsung 60" Smart 4K UHD and the Samsung 4K Blu-Ray player and a PC that I use to access all my online content.I decided to try the Amazon Fire TV and discovered that I already have access to just about everything the Amazon Fire TV has through mny TV, Blu-ray player and PC.This is a great device but for me it was just redundant.
Works awesome!! I would recommend getting one fast!!
Amazon Fire TV is a great addition to our household. It offers tons of programs and I love getting my amazon prime movies this way. Easy to install, easy to navigate the menu, and an overall A+ in my book.
After receiving another extremely high cable bill, I decided to cut the cord! The Amazon Fire is awesome. We subscribed to Playstation Vue which has an app on the Fire that you can access.We can also access our Amazons and Netflix accounts right from the Fire. Great product, wish I would have done this sooner.
Fast, easy, and mobile! Connects through WiFi and directly. Easy to move from one room to another.
Easy to use, I'm able to move it to other tvs in the house and bring it with us on vacation
Awesome! Really small size and fits perfect without taking a lot of space on the entertainment rack. Love it so far! 4K is awesome and definitely recommended! Make sure you are using the HDMI port specifically for HDCP 2.2 on your TV.
Works great! I like it better than cable. My new favorite device to watch movies and tv shows. My kids like the games that are available.
I have been a user of Roku and Apple TV before and I absolutely love the Fire TV. What prompted me to change from Roku was the availability of Playstation Vue. We are cord cutters and Vue is a better value than Sling TV.The Fire TV works well and has most all the channels we used on our old Roku. The only thing that doesn't work 100% is Vudu or other UltraViolet streaming services. The closest thing is Flixster, but some of the titles don't carry over right away. Most of the movies come through just fine, but the Flixster app on the Fire TV doesn't seem to bring over the TV shows I have purchased. Other than that, it works very well. Of course, if you watch a lot of Prime TV or use Amazon's Instant Video service you will really love the integration here.
The best streaming device of all the ones i have tried.
Very fast and reliable fits easy behind tv upload apps and view video in 4000k
fast loading no buffering on the best price on market for streaming.
This is by far the best thing I could have bought.
This product is excellent would recommend to other people keeps all my stuff in on Unit
I was told by buying a new receiver that listed Netflix on the box that it was a good deal. Not so. Best Buy explained how this worked and saved me a lot of money. Gotta love this place!!
This product is amazing and I would recommended to anybody!!!
My favorite streaming box. Works flawlessly and am very pleased with the item.
I recently dropped my cable provider and i had been using the Amazon Firestick which works great. The Fire TV was on sale and, since we have 2 tvs, i bought it. Couldn't believe the beautiful picture on my Samsung tv. I subscribed to HBO, Amazon Prime, and Showtime so I dropped my monthly bill with Directv from $190 to $30 and i have a ton more content.
Performance and interface are great!!! And you can add most of Android apps too!!!
Outstanding I love this device highly recommend it for anybody and everyone user-friendly
Very fast awesome product...worth the money and i would definitely recommend.
Amazon Products are easy to use and navigate thru.
Great addition to the family room. Movies on demand and very smooth streaming!
Great funtionality and the remote with voice control is great. Better expierence than chromecast. The remote and streaming quality is superior than the chromescast solution.
is no word happy happy it hard to get up cause there no commercial so l have to fix something to eat before watching a move or do what l need to do frist so many movies it hard to pick what to watch
Processor is speedier than the Fire stick and almost no lags. HD quality content readily available.
The box is really good and it has everything to you need to watch when it comes to online watching
The Fire TV works great. Bought it mainly for my kids to watch their shows in their room without adding another cable box and wiring to my home. I am an Amazon Prime Member and the free content available is sufficient for all the kids regardless of age. We're talking 6 to 20 years old! The remote was a little temperamental at first but has been working fine after a regular software update.
An awesome product. Getting my money's worth. I would truly recommend this product.
This was one of my best purchases hundreds of great movies and shows available.
i was not expecting how great this product is. It was really easy to use and install.
When I first purchased an Amazon fire TV box I was a bit skeptical to what I could get from it but being a member of Amazon prime I was quickly satisfied with all the content available so I decided to buy a second one for the bedroom.
So far the best streaming system I have tried. Even better than Appletv.
This thing is great so much better than the appli tv we got
I love that this guy supports 4K content since I just recently bought a 4K TV. Please be aware that if you don't already have an Amazon account, you'll have to set one up before using it. You can set it up through the Fire TV, but It'd be best if you just do it through a computer because the process to set up the account through the device I tedious and frustrating at times.
I came in to purchase a different streaming device and the store associate recommended this one instead. Glad I decided to stop in the store instead of paying more for the other device online.
First had the fire stick and i heard the box was much faster. I bought it and as soon as i plugged in and got started i was able to see how fast and smooth it worked. Great product.
Originally purchased the fire TV Stick, upgraded for more bandwith and storage, awesome product.
I recently purchased the Amazon Fire TV for use in a spare room. I subscribe to various platforms including Netflix and Playstation Vue. Although I am on a wireless connection, playback has been smooth, with almost no glitches. Not to mention, the picture quality has been superb (this can vary depending on the bandwidth of your internet connection). Setup was a breeze and it is very intuitive; so much so, that my 9 year old can use it with no problems (and after applying parental controls of course).
The Amazon Fire TV is really easy to use and installation was super easy. I have really enjoyed the voice search feature. Best purchase I've made in awhile.
I love using this to stream movies instead of using my old PS3. Great picture quality and pretty fast.
Compared to the rest this is amazing especially the price.
Such a great product I have no complaints. I broughts this product for my family also and they love it
This is a great device to have if you dont have cable at home and you need to add a program call Kodi also.
This is a great streaming box. It's is more than I expected.
Fire TV is where it's at in today's world! This little media streaming device fits in the palm of my hand but doesn't lack in the content available to my entertainment needs! No matter which one you subscribe to it's totally worth it! I'm actually thinking about cutting the cord on my cable? I couldn't be happier with this amazing little box!
This download movies fast and quick. You get a good picture when using the fire tv because you have to use your hdmi wire
Works great. Less buffering than Fire TV Stick. Like the voice search on it.
I was really surprised how easy it was to use and set up. I may be looking to add one in my man cave and bedroom too! Great device
At first, I was kind of worried that I would not be able to operate it. But it is so easy to use! I also like the parental controls, so I can control what my children watch. The best part of all though is that I don't have to see any infomercials! My family and myself have definitely enjoyed having this product in our home. We have yet to run out of programs and movies to watch!
I had the firestick first so I decided to upgrade my new TV with a fireTV and I haven't had any issues it's so easy to use runs way smoother than my firestick, and I love that I can upload storage with my micro SD card.
Nice product.My kids love it,good for YouTube search.
I am very happy with fire tv. i was even happier went it went on sale a week after I bought it and best buy gave me the diference back.
Worth the purchase, makes watching shows easy plug and play
4K ready looks great very fast... Don't waste your money on the stick get this one
Great for intertainment very good device effective better than cable Tv
The best item I have ever seen in my life and so glad I found this item....:)
reception and wi fi interface is outstanding much better than roku
I cut the cord with cable and decided to try the Amazon Fire tv and it is amazing. Amazon Fire tv is the only box to offer basically all services. I did a lot of research and I am glad I went with this box!
Heard about this through a friend. Was not aware the product even existed. Has really enhanced our time watching TV.
I love my firebox so much I bought one for a friend!!! So much awesomeness with it!!
I love amazon tv products. Takes 5 minutes to install.
Has a great processor for its size, it's robust with lots of features and has a wonderful small remote that fits nicely in your hand. The remote has much fewer buttons then your standard remotes, which makes its very simply to use and along with Amazon GUI interface makes its simple to get around. I had other products that it competes with and this is by far the best, easier device to get around with.
The box does exactly what it saids it will do. No lag, great quality, very happy!!!
This is the second one I bought and been happy with this purchase. Has everything that Apple has and you can do a lot more with this one.
I could not be happier with this purchase. Lots of entertainment in one small package!
I love this product. easy to ise snd i would recommended to anyone.
Great entertainment. possibilities endless.I love it
The Alexa accessory is very accurate and handy for music and searching. Very good options for movies, tv series and children's programming
The Fire Stick and TV is awesome. Fire TV is a lot faster and it has the option of ether net. I love it.
I was streaming with my Sony Blu-Ray, and only bought this to access HBO Now, but it's turned out to have much more than just that to offer. It's really a fantastic piece of equipment. The Sony has a great number of streaming apps, but the Fire TV has much more, and lots of things I really missed, such as PBS and PBS Kids, as well as access to Amazon's music streaming. I'm very happy that I bought this.
Of the three streaming boxes i have owned this one is hands down the best. I added Playstation Vue app and now i get 59 cable channels. Prime movies, music, and TV is awesome.
Good bye cable! This works great. I wish I would have purchased sooner.
We are super happy with the Amazon Fire. We are using it more than our DirectTv. Quality is good and user friendly.
This box is amazing very fast smooth interface kid friendly at a great price
Out the box this devise works good and plays well with others.
Very fast. Does everything you need it to at a great price.
Bought this to use Play Station Vue to replace Comcast cable. Cheaper and provides all the cable channels we usually watch. Seems to work great - glad I did it!
The Amazon Fire TV is amazing. I highly recommend!
This is a perfect product for people who use amazon's services.
Awesome steaming device, compared to the Roku 3 I would give the Amazon Fire TV the edge. Great buy, I would recommend this product to anyone who is thinking about cutting the cord on their cable subscription.
I bought this to utilize playstaion vue to cut my cable. works great
If you are looking to add smart TV capabilities to your TV (or replace existing smart TV capabilities), this is the product to own! In my opinion Amazon knocked it out of the park with this streamer. Paired with a 4K TV, it adds amazing clarity to 4K Content!
I love my Roku but the Amazon Fire TV is the box to own and the price is right.
If is the easy to set up and use ...Got everything I wanted and more the speed of the tv box is great !!!
This is a very good product with good performance and value.
The Fire TV has a great interface and is very fast.
Very great product very great product very great product
Still the best streaming device for kodi Works flawless
Amazon Fire tv from Best Buy was my second Fire tv purchase in a week. After trying the tv service, I ordered a 2nd one on line from Best Buy & picked it up in store within an hour. The price matched the 1st one but the HDMI cable was extra. When I am used to using Fire tv, I will turn the cable service off. Amazon's Alexa assistant is phenomenal & for me, is better than Apple's Siri. This was probably the best online purchase & pick up in store experience I have had.
This product works great for the that we bought it for.
Better than the firestick, works well with prime and simple to use.
The Amazon Fire TV box is probably the best streaming box out there. It has a hardwired Ethernet connection if you need it and a fast processor. It has Alexa for voice searches and it supports just about every streaming service out there plus a built-in Slingbox client. Most other streamers that support slingbox are actually screencasting from a smartphone or tablet. Plus it is very easy to sideload applications so you can run about anything. We have crowded building with a lot of WiFi signals stepping on each other, so the hardwired connection is good for reliable streaming. It has Bluetooth, so you can pair devices with it, I think the remote is actually Bluetooth too, so you can stash the box out of sight.
This product works great. It was very easy to. Setup and get an account going I would recommend the fire tv to everyone that wants to cut the cord from cable. It was cheaper to purchase it at Best Buy then it was on Amazon
The Amazon Fire TV is an excellent alternative to cable and satellite prison. The amount of content available is staggering. The unit functions flawlessly.
I love my Amazon fire tv!! Use it with Playstation Vue, perfect device to cut the cord!!
Amazon Fire tv is the best "smart tv box" available. The box is now 4K video capable and uses the android operating system. Plenty of apps already installed and tons more available. Setup was simple and the menus are a breeze to navigate, especially with voice search.
I'm love my fire tv great app to download for movie and tv
To be honest, I think the Fire TV is a way better investment than Apple TV. Highly recommended!
Absolutely worth the money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Simple and easy to navigate. Smooth screen with no buffering.
This box has it all! Does 4K and also has a super fast Quad Core Processor. Has great WIFI AC, and also has the Ethernet plug in. Great Streaming machine, but the best thing about it is the PRICE!
We don't have cable at our home... We use this and it's great and saves us lots of money.
Is very good, I like, I recommend this product, I recommend, I recommend
This device is easy to install and great for a beginner!
We are happy with purchasing the Amazon Fire. Very easy to use and don't know what we watched without it.
I own a Chromecast and didn't think I would need this. How wrong I was! The Amazon Fire TV box is more functional and useful than the Chromecast. It is easy to travel with and as long as you have a solid Internet connection (wired or wireless), you can enjoy this device. This was a great purchase and I highly recommend it! So nice I bought it twice!
This is my third one I have in my house. We love the ease of use and compatibility with all our online services. Works great. Never had an issue with any of them.
I love everything about my fire tv. I wish I wouldve gotten one sooner!
This will be your simple answer: yes, this will fulfill ALL of your cable cutting desires.I purchased this product after reading several reviews online, researching the specifications between this Amazon Fire TV and the Fire Stick (and their respective generations), and I planned my attack on making sure I fully cut away from the monopoly that is Cable/Satellite television today.Wow, not only did this completely replace my cable subscription with a company that rhymes with AP&P, but I was welcomed into an entirely new world of entertainment once I had this device up and running the way I wanted to. Which, by the way, the setup and installation is an absolute breeze, no need for installation manuals, guides, etc.Buy this, cut away from your overpriced cable, and get to entertaining yourself right now!
The 4k is pretty nice and they response time is nice. Wife uses this mostly. Haven't heard any negative comments yet. Got it to use for PlayStation vue.
I would recommend it to all my family very happy with this item.
I used to have the first generation of Fire TV. Love it. This is the 2nd generation and 4 k ready. Even better
It is very kid friendly. It was very easy to use at home.
Very easy to set up and operate. The voice command is especially nice when playing music and so far I've found the music library to be quite large with a good selection. If you use Amazon at all I would recommend the Prime membership as it pays for itself quickly and drastically increases the available content in the media libraries. No, I'm not an Amazon employee :)
After purchasing a smart tv looking forward to using the built in apps I discovered that the ones offered weren't up to par. I went back and talked to a very knowledgeable associate, Heather, she showed me why i was having trouble with the streaming on my new tv and suggested getting a streaming device. After listening to her explain the differences between them I decided on the Amazon Fire TV and she was spot on. No more issues and the speed and picture are great. Thanks so much Heather.
Streaming box that does the job, I can access My Prime videos and other streaming apps, good device for a good price, worth the money.
The tv has the same functionality as my stick. The program choices are excellent.
We love our amazon Fire TV's, this is our second one and we use them with netflix and hulu and our amazon prime video accounts, they work fantastically and we decided to stop paying for cable as theres usually nothing good on when we want to watch t.v. anyway!
This is my second Amazon Fire TV and I absolutely love it! Works great for streaming Amazon Prime shows/movies, Netflix, Hulu, and HBO GO. I don't have cable and with all of those programs I save money and get all the entertainment I want.
Works well. Like that Android apps can be sideloaded onto the device. Easy to set-up and use.
Easy set up. 4K ready. Great picture and WiFi connectivity
It's has all of the best services and now with Alexa and 4K it's even better
Very easy to set up and to use. I have not used the voice control yet but will soon
It works great. Awesome device. A great way to ditch your cable service provider.
Great product. I purchased it for its Playstation Vue and HBO Now streaming capabilities, as well as its ability to stream 4k programming. Nice if paired with an Amazon Prime subscription.
Love it it works wonders great job greate product.will recommend to any friend
I'm glad I bought this, it's super fast, faster than the stick and the picture quality is amazing.
when you turn on fire box it opens/runs movies fast.
I absolutely love my fire tv. it works so well and offers so many different things to watch. I will never need cable again. it loads fast and I would recommend these to anyone who will listen!
I found this device was easy to hook up, also easy to navagate perfect box for beginners and advanced users
Bought this device to stream movies and shows online!
Love Fire TV. I have since cut cable, with the exception of my internet connection, and have no regrets. I get more channels through streaming media apps. and at cheaper prices. The menu is also user friendly. The remote is excellent, as is the voice commands options. You won't regret purchasing Fire TV.
This is a great product, but I think I could've gotten the Fire Stick. Maybe someday I'll use it for what it's worth. But none the less, a great product.
If you are a Amazon prime member it's a must have even if your not you will love this I got the 4 k one could not be happier
This the best streaming device out there. If your looking for a great and fast streaming device this it it for sure. You can't go wrong with it. Super fast and no buffering
Great product was able to use my sling account and access all my Amazon shows was also user friendly very happy worth the cash especially now in 4k
This is an excellent product. I bought mine when it was on sale for $84.99. It was a great investment.
I've been using both Roku (embedded into LG TV) and the Amazon Fire Tv. The true winner is the Amazon Fire TV since it always works, very fast, as expected, no issues, no bugs. The Roku instead is slower (takes time to react and load content). I mainly use Netflix and YouTube. Amazon Fire TV delivers outstanding menu navigation and fast response while searching/navigating through content (movies, tv shows, videos). Also Amazon Fire TV is always on and ready and you can take advantage of Alexa to use your voice to command (useful from time to time).
This box works great. It sure would be nice if it had the Google play store on it.
I am very pleased with Amazon Fire TV, I see my films, my children play games and watch channels
User friendly and gives me access to all my streaming services.
Originally bought the fire stick, worked but not nearly as good as this. Worth the extra money.
loved the voice search easy to install and very easy to use
Works great & it doesn't freeze. Happy I bought it. Works better than the fire stick
Using this with Playstation Vue for TV and HBO Now. It works great!
love this firetv. i have an amazon account, but i installed and subscribe to PlaystationVue to get channels i used to pay comcast for - WAY cheaper. easy product to setup and use- definitely worth the $$ to be able to dump cable tv!!
Amazon Fire TV is amazing, lots of free channels and old and new movies you can even watch Netflix for free. We will be ditching satellite dish and saving $160 per month. In addition we will be adding Amazon Fire sticks to other TV's through out our home. Product is very easy to use.
The Amazon Fire tv is awesome. It works so much better than my Apple TV and I am a huge Apple fan
Overall, this product works great on non-smart tvs; very easy to install.
Perfect gift. My family love it! Have one in each of the rooms.
The set up and installation were easy to do. The quality of the products is great.
it is worth the price! easy to use and user friendly.
Amazing box I love everything it offers, this is perfect for everything you are looking to stream live for :)
The Amazon Fire TV is a superb streaming device! It is by far the best streaming device I have ever owned!
I had a firestick but broke it so I upgraded to the fire box. I love it
Well worth the money. I found the Fire tv great and I really am satisfied I recommend it to all my friends and family
great price for a lot of fun. this is my 3rd amazon fire, great for games, movies. I installed kodi on it for extra programing and life tv. I loved my amazon fire TV.
Works excellent...............................................
The box works great it was a great buy. I'm able to watch some great movies
This keyboard does it all for the beginner or for the professional. The keys have a real piano feel with some resistance. The speakers are amazing. The choice of instrument sounds are outstanding and the tone of those instruments are right on.
Great product.i can stream almost anything.Netflix Hulu, you name it.this product is the best.
Amazon makes an amazing product that turns any tv into a smart TV. Slim, sleek and extremely easy to install and use.
This Amazon Fire TV works great with my apps to see other providers
Connected to WiFi with no issues. Streaming is smooth and error free. Good alternative and being an Amazon Prime member a lot of things are free.
i have the firestick in our bedroom and this in the living room. works great very fast. for the price its well worth it.
Enjoy the small device as well the many features it offers. Will have to get use to the remote but otherwise okay. Price arrange also okay by it being an Apple's product.
4k quality is great! The Alexa ffeature works awesome!!
Use this everyday, everyone will find it convenient and useful. Great purchase and highly recommend!
the product is great for 4k tvs and normal tvs for the price its pretty good
Great product worth the money to pickup one of these models
It was easy and simple to use. Fast and responsive.
This is a great streaming device. Definitely worth the extra cost compared to the fire stick. Apps open instantly and operates flawlessly.
Great box and fast for steaming and videos good for sports
This product is great my family love it. We would recommend this to anyone
It is a great unit to watch movies and tv and it is very portable
What else can I say about this product other than it is truly fun and amazing. We spend hours finding new things to watch
Best Streamer. I use it for sony vue and to works great. This my 3rd Amazon Tv.
This item is the best for your buck! This item hands down won't let you down!
Very easy to use and more reliable than cable tv. After set up by a friend it's all I use.
This is great for streaming Plex to tv's. No hassle perfect quality for a fire stick
This smart box does exactly what it says it does. I like that it adds the pics and videos from my cell phone in an easy to use app.
I'm loving it. I've got it for 2 months now and im very happy with it. It feels very fast and reliable. Also the interface feels very friendly and easy to use.
love the item. many features and variety of options. recent and old programs and movies. i can now look at a whole series at once.
I love my amazon fire HD tv box. This thing is the wave of the future. The 4k content looks amazing.
If you've an Amazon prime account this is a must have. Lots of free shows and movies to watch and lots of apps to download. Also a great way to have tv in another room without the need for another cable or satellite box because it runs off your wifi. Very small so it helps in keeping a nice clean entertaining alternative.
Look no Further, fast processor, great ram , expandable storage turn your tv into a smart tv
i brought this for my house and i love this fire tv! i can watch just all sort of internet things on it! best thing i have brought in a long time for TV.
Bought this box and love it. Cut cable and use this with PlayStation Vue. I recommend this over Roku
I love this more than my Apple TV. It works well with plex and its all I need.
My family told me about me about this Amazon product as they cut the cable cord. Excellent and highly recommended.
I purchased this for my father. He likes to watch movies and this was the best way for me to send him movies because he Ives out of town. Great product!!!
We first purchased the stick and worked great but we wanted something more powerful. This allowed us to connect directly to our router and got great connection. No more pauses or buffering. I would buy again if I needed to.
This makes tv more fun easy setup just plug and play.
I use this everyday. It's a great buy. Everything you need is ready to go as soon as it turned on.
The amazon fire tv is amazing. Small portable yet powerful and good quality. It is also structured well so things are easy to find.
The Fire TV is an awesome device. Great for Netflix and Hulu streaming.
I'm happy with the latest edition of the Amazon Fire TV. Uses Amazon's digital services seamlessly and has good app support.
The Amazon fire tv is plug and play. Very easy to use
Great, love it lots of fun and great movies and speed.
This a great product for everyone. I would recommend it
This thing has everything you need to watch movies and shows in 4K. I watch it almost everyday.
I own both a Amazon Fire TV and Fire Stick. The Amazon Fire TV is by far superior than the Fire Stick. The Fire TV is perfect for all-in-one entertainment and perfect if you're looking to get rid of cable/satellite tv. Also very ideal for Kodi
The Fire Tv is fast and reliable. With the ease of setup and expandability of this product, it's a no brainer BUY!
I couldn't be happier with Amazon Fire TV! I had purchased the Fire stick first to try out. It, as well as Fire TV, are a breeze to install...fast, easy, and amazing. I have the voice remotes on all of them and it makes navigating outstanding. I'm using the Fire Stick on my bedroom TV and the Fire TV on my flat screen in the family room. The main difference is that the Fire TV has a greater memory capacity than the Stick. It comes with a lot of free films, programs, games (unlike the other streaming services), music for Prime members. The options available to kids (from toddlers to grade schoolers), are incredible and include both games and videos. It allows you to keep a personal "Watchlist" for those things that are you faves or that you want to come back to at a later date. There's so much available with this that I can't say enough about it. It also has all the subscription services that you can test with the free trials that they offer: Sling, Hulu, HBO, Starz, and much, much more. That way, if you're really looking to cut the cable, you get a great feel as to what's out there and how much it will cost should you pick a paid service. Even if you just stick with what Amazon offers freely (and they add things all the time) you still would only be paying for the Fire TV and nothing more. Definitely a win/win for those who are fed up with being gouged over and over by digital services. With this, all you'll need is wifi, and a TV with HDMI ports....and you'll be good to go.
Love it , so easy to use and you can easily just talk to the control
It's very fast and it's very well made I really like the style of the box it's not bulky like the other boxes out there
The fire tv box simply does it all. Very fast and fun to use
I love my fire TV. I use it mainly for watching movies and TV shows. We also use it for Pandora listening to music. You can also side load applications that aren't available directly through the App Store. I cut the cable cord and haven't looked back!
the fire tv box is very very fast and has all the TV streaming apps you need to "cut the cord". Other streamers like apple tv or roku are not as fast or have all the apps i like. Just avoid the fire tv stick...too slow.
Awesome products friendly staff would defiantly do business again
Love it!!! works very well.. I already had amazon prime service and was loving it for fast delivery and no shipping charges... Now, i am getting more bonus out of Prime for using Fire TV!!! works great. some of apps do not work very well. but, that's the app. most of app works fine. I am sure people will continue to fall in love with amazon TV and App will continue to improve.
My son was the first in the family to buy it. Then he introduced it to me, to his sisters and now we all having a great time enjoying the little box.
nice addtion too my television it is so easy to use,
This is simply the best and most TV for the money. I should have cut the cable years ago!
Able to watch Amazon Prime now on our smart TV. Easy install and breeze to work!
Very good picture quality. Performs as advertised and worth the prize paid for.
I've cancelled my cable. Best purchase I've made in a long time. The picture quality is amazing.
The best purchase I have made in years. Wish I would have done it sooner
I purchased the Amazon Fire TV because I wanted to be able to watch Sony Vue in the bedroom without having to get another Playstation console. We have an Apple TV (newer model), and I like it a lot too, but the Fire TV allows me to watch both Amazon Prime content and the Sony Vue channels, which I can't on my Apple TV. The Amazon Fire TV is very responsive, has great Apps, it is lightweight and doesn't take up much room. In fact, we have it hanging in the back of our TV which is mounted to the wall, and you can't even see it. I highly recommend it.
don't have a smart tv, so this fire tv is perfect for downloading Netflix, vudu, and any other apps. a must for tv watchers
Great product, I bought one last year and loved it. Had to buy another for the guest room. Having Alexa makes it even easier to use.
This product works better than the smart tv function of our current tv, simplifies the process and especially the search function. no more clicking and scrolling thru the alphabet...just speak it and let it search for you - that alone is worth the $
Simple, easy to use. Keep all the tv apps in one place
Super easy to install to your hdmi. Just signup for a Amazon account and you are off to the best streaming experience.
Easy fast and portable great fun for everyone!!!!!
This is a great product with many options for movies, games, music and much much more
Most people buy this for use with Amazon Prime, but that isn't absolutely necessary as there are many other useful apps that are available.
Works great IMO altho when I first got it home the remote didn't work and appeared corroded insidewe called the store and they said I had to call some parts store, which said they were out of remotesKind of a run around IMO I got the remote fixed myself Other than that the box works grest
I purchased the Amazon Fire because you can get the PS Vue app. The system is easy to use and the picture quality is great.
I'm so happy with my purchase! Very easy to install. Love the interface. Well priced. Haven't had any issues.
love it....very nice...really easy to navigate and it has a lot of things. Control remote easy to operate
What i love about this is that there is no buffering, no commercials and it runs smoothly. Very user friendly and fun to use.
These are the best you can get! I have bought 2 already
Look no further excellent streaming device, great processor , good ram , expandable storage , also supports 4k what else could you ask for
Bought it for my niece who is autistic and she loves it . works great and easy to use.
Works great with Kodi, enough power to direct play h265. SD card slot is a bonus for apps and USB for external media. Threw my Roku away.
Easy to set up. Availability of service is great. Enjoy the selections.
I own a couple FireSticks and decided to give the Fire Tv a try. I'm glad I did because you can tell the difference right out of the box. Not that there is anything wrong at all with the stick, but the smooth speed and response is a welcomed attribute to my most used television.
Amazon Fire tv is just an amazing addition to your tv. Even if you have a smart tv, the ability to add so many more apps than your smart tv platform provides is great. Very customizable. Love it!
I'm very happy with this. It's easy to use and I'd recommend this.
Love it!! I installed a app that allows me to watch almost every movie and tv show for free! Never have any problems with it and works really well, if you can't afford cable or direct tv this would be the next best thing to do but you do need the internet for it to work.
This product is wonderful. If your looking for a way to get rid of cable this is the way to go.
Great product, very easy to apply and I LOVE IT :)
Got this to replace a Roku. Similar content but more features and a seems bit faster. Only knock is minor: could be a bit more customizable. But overall an excellent, sleek interface.
I love it ! I use it every day for music, movies, and current events. The voice command remote is awesome. Cant wait to buy the video game controller for it to play first Gen. Nintendo games
I've had the Fire 1st gen and Fire stick. All have been great. The added power on this 2nd gen is great.
This unit streams it all. Works great. No buffering. Easy to set and and use.
I use this to access playstation vue, Netflix, Hulu, youtube, kodi and Amazon prime. This works great as a replacement for directv and it paid for itself the first month.
They have so much stuff that I am not sure where to start. Its fast, reliable, and easy to set up. I have the yearly Amazom Prime membership and it includes their tv service and also their music app with no ads. A must have if your into watching a lot of tv like myself.
The Amazon Fire TV is simply awesome. I use it for HULU AND NETFLIX
Great device for streaming movies! Works great, very satisfied!
I may be slow to catch on to "streaming." I was unaware of the depth of available media material. Things to consider are Internet download speed (30 Mbs minimum) and too many choices. It is similar to the Internet before the World Wide Web (www). Some Android apps such as Kodi with Fire TV Guru make some of the material more easily accessible. Good luck!
Didn't compare to the fire stick, unknown if better product, but love amazons creation
great results with this product. it is easy to use and exactly what I expected it to be.
I gave this Amazon fire stick as a Father's Day present. So i am not a personal user of the product but have heard it was nice.
Its definitely a great purchase. Its definitely an upgrade from the fire stick.
Great purchase and the product is amazingly simple
This product has been amazing! We got a great deal on the purchase and we have not been disappointed with it's productivity!
This fire box is the best you can get for a cheap price. It runs surprising well and so far have had no issues with wifi streaming Hulu, Amazon Prime, and Netflix. Definitely even worth more if you have Prime for the streaming from Amazon. Only minor problem is restrictions on most add-on apps due to going through Amazon and not Google Play but there are various work arounds.
This is my second unit, this one is 1080p with 4k ultra high definition built in and I love it, if you buy one, you will also love it.
I picked up the Fire TV because I already owned 3 Fire Sticks and was happy with them. I wanted a unit that I was familiar with and I"m glad I bought this one. I don't really use Alexa so that didn't play a part in the purchase. However, you really see the dual core processing power when you start apps. It's a good bit faster than the Fire Sticks with the same ease of use. As an added bonus, you can install and play games. I would highly recommend this to anyone.
Excellent purchase, satisfied my needs for entertaining television!
Converts any TV into a smart TV. Added Kodi to mine and works great.
It is a great product would buy another one soon .
The fire tv box is great, houses tons of apps and games. I like it so much I have a box on all four tv'shows in my house.
Works great! Super fast and does everything one would want.
Bought this for my wife because she wanted to be able to access her Amazon Prime content. It has a beautiful picture and streams great.
I purchased 2 regular amazon fire sticks around $50 each they would turn off in the middle of shows/movies and weren't working properly I had several issues with them so I decided to give this model a go and it's been worth it so far no issues.. worth the extra $$ it's reliable.
I absolutely love my fire tv it is amazing for everything
Lots and lots of channel to watch. better viewing and entertaining to use.
This is the best device for streaming very fast....
I seriously use this every day... Do some research on what is really available to do with this device and you will not regret spending the 100$ plan on buying one for everyone I know at the holidays this year.
The Amazon Fire tv is a great way to watch your favorite shows and movies. It's easy to use and the best part it was not too expensive.
I love the load up speed there on great and a great way to enjoy netflix
I've been using it for a while and can say that watching 4k streaming movies and shows are awesome.
Fire Tv was easy to install and very user friendly.
This Fire TV is perfect for my intended use, I have cut the cable with the big cable companies and plan to use this for a long time.
Have a few fire tv sticks but they lag a little bit. The box is worth the extra money.
Love the box and the stick both. They are easy to use as well.
These box is amazing!!! A must if you have Amazon Prime.
i recently cut the cable and was looking for something to have all my streaming apps in one place without having to mirror a phone or tablet, and without having to connect a pc to a tv. this works amazing, never had any problems with it whatsoever, very easy to use, pretty straight forward. highly recommended!
Works well, setup is extremely easy. Replaced my directv subscription and We are very happy with it.
very fast netflix streaming!! great item at a great price!!
This is one of the best media player i have owned.
I have enjoyed this product everyday since I purchased it. I would highly recommend it.
love it. does what it does extremely well. The fastest box i own and I've owned them all.
Amazon - Fire TV (2015 Model) - Black is great. It has all the entertainment and apps that my family and I need. Netflix, Hulu, Showtime, HBO, Amazon Prime TV, and Movies. It is definitely a fun device for playing a few games, watching movies, etc.... Connects to android game controllers for added fun. I believe it is 4k also.
Great system enjoying every second of it. So easy to use.
I use it all the time for Television. It works quickly and has good quality.
Great product compact easy to use fits right into the back of your TV. has a video tutorial that makes set up an installation very simple works great. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a streaming device at a reasonable cost
A friend recommended this. And I am loving how easy it was to use.
Super Fast and good storage. Cool I was able to iunstall Kodi and easy access.
This is my 3rd Fire TV, so yes, I am a proud owner. I am able to watch any program that is on cable television with a simple tweak and you can too if you do a little bit of research. I would definitely recommend this to a friend. Heck, I would even recommend it to Charlie Mix.
The fire tv has access to numerous applications. If you're looking to replace cable, this is definitely a first start. If youre not, you still have access to lots of movies, apps, tv shows all in one place. Binge watching in full effect!
I live these boxes. Since I installed one on every tv in my house everyone that comes over wants one. I have bought so many for family members as gifts.
I bought the fire stick first then returned it to get the fire tv and let me tell you it was worth the exchange
Amazon Fire TV works great. Picture and streaming is fantastic.
I use this daily for playstation Vue, constant 60fps and it looks great.
I have multiple streaming devices in my home to include an appletv but I love that the fire stick is small and discreet
Streaming is easy on this 4k ready box. Love the picture quality too. Plus the kids can play games on the big screen.
This little black box is awesome. So easy to setup and use. The choices of entertainment are outstanding
This is my third Amazon device. I have one on every tv. Works perfectly, and the 2nd Gen has awesome clarity!!
Not much else to say, except this device replaced my aging Apple TV, I thought I'd give it a shot as Prime is not available (yet) on apple TV. However, this device's sharp picture, reliability and nearly endless number of apps is absolutely outstanding!!
it the best for Apps, movies, games and morealso it supports USB DVD drive for playback of DVD and supports sling and playstation TV
I dumped cable after using streaming and Playstation Vue. I have one Fire TV in my bedroom and loved it so I bought a Fire Stick for downstairs. The Fire Stick was slow by comparison, so I upgraded and have no issues with the Fire TV. The Fire TV is worth the extra money. The variety of services offered and the speed pays off if you have a good connection. I do not have 4K, but I can only assume it will be a quality stream when I do.
Great product I bought 2 very fast hardly no lag..
This will be our second FireTV and we love these!!
Run this with EMBY client and it works awesome. Love that it plays h265 no problem, one of the few that can actually do it. Highly recommend. ALOT FASTER than the stick in my opinion.
The Amazon fire TV is a great item to stream online content
Have a fire stick and it's ok but after using this is wouldn't even consider getting the stick due to the performance of this.
I bought this for my living room Tv works great. No issues what so ever.
Found this device to be one of the best streamers on the market with Ethernet. Also have an Apple 3rd generation and enjoy this more because of the availability of apps that I cannot get on the Apple device (Amazon Prime, PlayStation Vue).
I bought it for my media room it is great!! Faster than the previous version
Own a firestick and didn't like the lag so I bought the fire tv. Problem solved. Super smooth. Fast. Responsive.
I am not a tv person but I like the movies and tv content. I love pureflix
I loved the first one I bought so much I bought another one for my bedroom. This has replaced the Chromecast which I had on all my TVs. My house is wired with Cat6 and I have a fast internet connection and streaming from Netflix is almost immediate.
Bought this to view movies and shows online - worked out pretty good so far!
This is all you will ever need this box is fast has a usb slot so you can add space and you can use the wifi or pluge internet directly into it. This is a top end box doesnt buffer
Excited to use the Amazon Fire Box. Very easy to use.
i picked this up for my LED tv that came out a few years ago. this is great because i can use the apps like wwe network, HBO go etc. i got it on sale for 70 bucks deal of the day. well worth it.
Setup for the Amazon Fire TV box was very easy. I was surprised at how little the box actually was, and just how powerful some of the apps and downloadable games were that you can use on the Amazon Fire TV.I ended up ordering the Amazon Fire TV game controller online at Amazon. I am currently not an Amazon Prime member, but may re-consider that decision in time to get even more functionality out of the box.For anyone looking to buy a relatively cheap device to maximize their TV watching and even Console game playing, look no further than the Amazon Fire TV. Although it does not compare to a Playstation IV or X-Box it does have decent graphics on some of the available games.I had also purchased a class 10 64 GB micro SD card for the Amazon Fire TV Box as well and had no trouble formatting it and getting it setup.
Have the gaming version myself but got the normal version for my sister. Can easily load any apps or games you want to run, provided they are android based. Great for streaming with a much higher frame rate then the stick. But the stick works fine for say the kids playroom. Recommend it to anyone looking for a simple and small system. Probably be a go to Christmas give this year.
Very easy to use and install I didn't have any problems with it
we love this fire box.It gets all of the channels and even new movies that are still in the theater
I have several Fire tv boxes and they all very good for streaming Amazon, Netflix and others. If you have a 4k tv this box will delight you with the ability to stream 4k content.Great buy!!!
Guys this is Suuuuuper Fast! Forget the fire stick, UPGRADE YOURSELF. You are going to fall in love with it.
This is an android based devise, so you can do anything with it. Install Kodi and you are good to want anything you want
Very good product and works perfect with my Samsung TV
What I like most about this device is how smooth it operates. I used to have a Roku stick and experience lag times, and constantly had to restart this device.It has a ton of apps that I use. I would like to see them add ABC go, but I'm satisfied with the variety that is offered.
The Amazon Fire TV is an awesome system. We love it and use it every day!
Highly recommend, fast reliable signal, great quality and convient
Works great even downstairs from my nighthawk router, responds much quicker than fire stick and works great with ps Vue. For sure get this over the stick.
I recently cut the cord with cable and couldn't be happier. This fire TV box has made it so easy with so many ways to watch programming. I love it!
The only con I see is the exclusion of the optical sound out put. The Micro SD slot is a nice addition.
I love the Amazon Fire. I am able to play all my movies and shows on my fire. It's great!
It was really a good idea to buy it during summer. Kids had great time in between other summer activities.
This is hands down the best media streaming device available today. If you have a 4k tv the box enhances the resolution any other tv the sticks will work fine.
Set up was easy, content is plenty. My only issue so far is that I use the Amazon fire tv for Playstation Vue, and the guide functionality is horrible. I'm not sure whether to blame it on the amazon fire tv or the playstation vue, but considering the guide is different between the amazon fire tv and the fire stick, I'm going to assume that amazon has some control over the guide for it's products. With that being said I'm definitely disappointed. Hopefully over the next couple months the guide functionality improves. Other than that it has been fantastic!
I've owned a fire stick, chromecast, Apple TV and Roku, This is by far my favorite device for cutting cords!
The products works as advertised and has been satisfactory to this point. It is somewhat complicated but if the instructions are followed closely there are no problems.
The Amazon tv works great! Fast loading, and no buffering. Works awesome with the Kodi app!
Great streaming device, and at a fantastic price. Forget the fire-stick get the fire-tv
Roku is great! I would recommend! You can watch a bunch of Movies.
This is the best media box for Kodi on a budget. Works great and everything loads just fine
a very easy unit to use. Lots of entertainment options to watch.
Very good product and easy to set up. I've used it everyday and enjoy it!
Thumbs up. This was a good substitute to replace the current cable provider you use. Canadian customers would like this the best.
I was going to buy Roku 3 but the team member suggested buying Fire TV instead. I'm glad I did cause you can get Kodi on this and it's still got HBO and Netflix. Works great!
The fire tv has been a great addition to my entertainment system! The customer service was great! My sales associate helped me make a decision by having all the information i needed! This is an example of why i remain a loyal customer.
I just cancelled cable it's very easy to set up and tons of options to watch. Ask Alexia anything you want any she has an answer.
The Fire TV is by far the best of any of the Stream Boxes
Many options. Bye bye cable. Happy family, happy kids.
I had a fire stick an moved up to the fire tv like it every thing loads faster then fire stick an it small an low profile design makes it nice to hide
Love my fire box. Already had the stick and loved it so this was a no brainer!!
It was bought for my husband and he has truly enjoyed it.
We truly enjoy our Fire tv. It gives us a wide range of viewing from tv shows to movies
You cannot beat the fire stick for the money, a great bargain to say the least.
Using this to add to the media capabilities of my TV. Works great..
This was honestly one of the best products I have ever bought!
Awesome I will definitely recommended this to anyone
I got this to use DirectvNow and it works great.....
Offers a lot of bang for your buck. Just started using a month ago and love it.
I was hesitant in buying one of these but I took the risk and the risk paid off. It's an amazing piece of hardware in a little box, not to mention a stylish box. If your looking for a streaming box? Look no further!
This is a very great product, I love all the movies
I got this new fire tv with the purpose of canceling my cable company, I save 88$ every month and I'm very happy with it.
I love how you can play games on it and have all of your account all-in-one!!!
The Amazon Fire TV is excellent for streaming video. Also a great platform to install Kodi.
The Fire TV is a wonderful device. I have the Stick and I think that the TV is much better.
Great product. Speed and quality is awesome. Easy to use. My kids are able to navigate to there favorite programs.
Fire Tv is fast . I recommend this to everyone ! All my co workers purchased them too
This thing is great very quick streaming and no issues so far, love the voice controller on finding shows or movies.
This fun device has changed our viewing habit. The diversity is great.
The list of shows/movies you can watch with this thing is endless. This is a very powerful unit for under a $100. They have a huge selection of app's and games. And you can use your iphone as a remote. I enjoy this unit so much I have one on every tv in my house and they make great gifts.
I love these because they are able to be programmed and watch anything and everything in the world!
Purchased the Fire Box a couple of months ago and it's a great addition to the theatre room for watching movies. Easy to use and good download speed.
The fire TV is excellent and allows me to watch in 4k. Works well.
Very easy to install. Got all I want and if you like apps you love this.
I love my Fire TV! I'm both an Amazon Prime and Netflix customer and this works very well for me! I haven't had mine very long but I use them everyday ( I have 2 of them) so I am learning to navigate through them very well. I also use the Amazon Music quite a lot! Great product!
Totally satisfied. Also own Apple TV, which I ended up moving to bedroom and putting fire stick on main TV. Fire stick seems to be more "open" to multiple programmings compared to App Store only programs with Apple TV. But, In defense for Apple TV it's syncing abilities with my iPhone and MacBook are well received. Price wise Firestick has the advantage.
Love IT!, Simple to use, very fast response as to my DVD with NetflixI recommend to have IT!
I had the Fire Stick, but upgraded to the Fire TV so run Kodi. Works great
Easy to set up. Love the Alexa integration. Very happy!
I like this product and most anything from best buy.The product is easy to operate.
Just hooked it up works great don't know how I ever got by without it
The Amazon Fire TV is great. It was easy to set up and start using. The menu is very user friendly and easy to navigate.
I ended up having to get this or a Roku to use my playstation vue since my Samsung smart tv doesn't allow it. This works great!
It works great. If you have a chance to get one I would recommend it.
Very easy to use. Purchased it watch Amazon Video and to use my Playstation Vue account. Works well with both.
This Firebox allows you to upgrade memory to store content.I love how it has alexa on it.
These things are awesome. I buy them all the time for my employees as bonuses or gifts. They are reliable and durable. Don't over heat and hold up nicely. Great product.
I currently have two fire TVs in my home. Prior to this I had an apple TV which was the one before the newest generation of 2016. It became obsolete with slow streaming speeds all the time. After purchasing the Fire TV I can honestly say its the best bargain in town. The price is just right and has not been an issue in speed or clarity for streaming all your favorite movies shows. The ease of use is also a big plus. I highly recommend if you are on the fence.
Well worth the money. It does everything it say it will do and more.
I enjoy this product. So easy to attach and use by all
The Fire TV is the best device to stream PlayStaion Vue. Its super fast and Alexa is amazing.
Now my bedroom TV is the smartest TV in the house. The voice command makes this a breeze to use. It hooks me up to Netflix in seconds instead of minutes like the blue-ray players on my other TV's.
Love it, had Roku 2,3 and this replaced all of them. Would high recommend this over Fire Stick, faster and can add extra memory...Cut cable and use this as our primary tv source along with antenna for local channels kid love as well very easy to use...
I purchased Chromecasts the year they came out and while they served their purpose for two years they are just not very upgradable. I recently bought the Fire Stick and Fire TV Box made by Amazon. I am also a Netflix and Amazon Prime member. Both of these devices are FAR Superior to the options provided by the older Chromecasts AND even the new 4K models. Easy to use and upgradable with many apps and games, and if you have Amazon Prime it is a no-brainer purchase.
Could not be happier with this purchase. The voice activated command button on the remote works fantastic. If you do not have a smart TV, highly recommend this device. It buffers for maybe 5 seconds to start a show and then displays perfectly.
The Amazon Fire TV box is the best choice for your money. It runs smoothly, it's user friendly and it has a great user interface. It has 2gb of memory which is a plus, and it allows you to connect directly to your modem via Ethernet. I find this especially helpful when you are having issues with your wifi or you have many devices in your home connected to your wifi. I have not had any issues with this box!
This product is great. I bought it because it was cheaper than paying a cable bill.
Amazon Fire TV is the best streaming device money can buy and will cancel cox, directv and any other programming paying for. It works smoothly with good internet service and cable modem. Best device on market to stream movies and tv shows. Will keep buying them for my family.
I love the fire tv for so many reasons! It is easy to take along anywhere and you can easily add apps, no need for cable!
So happy I made this purchase! Works great for our family. Super fast. No buffering.
The box works great for what I need it for. Installation was easy. Easy to move around within the apps
I did my research and purchased one of these for one purpose, to side load Kodi on it. I was told in the store by an Associate that Amazon had blocked this ability, but this was not true. I had no intention of Rooting the box and it was not needed. It side loaded so simply that anyone could do it, no PC needed. It has a faster processing speed and better picture quality then the Amazon Fire Stick..and this does 4K video. Amazing little media box that has tons of entertainment for a small price. If you have fast enough internet I would highly recommend picking one up!
I love all of my Amazon products including my latest purchase the Amazon fire box. I have the stick o, two tv's and now the box on my new 4k tv. Along with my prime account I am in heaven...
Love, love love it! Great for turning your tv into a smart tv!
It is fast and affordable streaming player. All app are supported.
I recently cut cable. This device has all of the apps I want to stream. It has a fast processor and the voice remote works great.
Less lag than the stick. Ethernet port option is nice. Not too much need though if you wont use extensively. If your a passive user go stick, if you'll everyday and even want to do gaming go box.
really like the fire tv works great. def an upgrade from the apple tv
This product is worth the price. Apple TV may have better features and can link to your laptop and phone, but for the price, Amazon Fire TV is great!
Have owned several roku models and now trying firetv. Definite improvement especially after recent software upgrade. Works great with my prime account & amazon video library.
Love this box, plenty of power for my 60in tv, beautiful picture and sound. Key features for me were the internet hardline even though the wifi in this unit works great and the usb. Easily add on a usb keyboard to make your experience that much better.
There are so many advantages to the Fire TV box. It has an Ethernet connection and a USB port. Add a wireless keyboard or flash drive. It's got 4K and it is fast. The fire stick is more reasonable priced but it's not as fast and doesn't have any USB or Ethernet connection. If you have a few bucks more, go for the Fire TV box.
This device has amazing features and is much better than the Apple TV with a larger range of available apps. One most prominently is Sling TV, that is not supported by the iOS device. Also this version is much better than the Fire TV Stick due to memory and most importantly the ethernet connection. Definitely worth the extra amount over the Fire TV Stick.
I already had purchased a Fire Stick, because I am a gadget nut and, well, reasons... *heh*. I decided to move up as part of a cord cutting drive, and this unit really shines. With more compute power and buffering space, it does a really nice job, even on fast moving source material. I also like the voice input.
This would be a perfect gift for anyone. Easy to use, and we'll put together device.
firebox is small but fast, runs great and takes no time at all to set up
Had this for 2 days before I cut my cable off. Works great with lots of apps.
We needed this Amazon Fire- TV in order to watch Amazon Prime on our new smart TV, which we also bought at Best Buy, It was easy to set up and works great, but it didn't come with a connecting cord and the salesman didn't say it needed one. Had to make a trip back next day.
I bought this to use for streaming services and it works great
Quick and easy to operate also outputs 4K which is great for my Vizio 4k
Awesome fantastic super duper perfecto magnificent great
Really like the Amazon fire tv. It's an awesome product to have for tv lovers!!! Make sure u have strong Wifi!!!
I bought this Best Buy! They are great and hook me up with the best deals :)
I researched several streaming devices but because of my experience with Amazon Kindle Fire and the reviews read for the Fire TV I decided to do the Amazon Fire TV. Set up was easy (the hardest part was opening the remote to put the batteries in!). Once everything was hooked up, the instructions and tips video really helped get everything started. The only negative I will say is that this product did not include the HDMI cable (other brands did) but that was explained on the box and by the sales associate. I enjoyed this so much that I ordered the TV Stick for my bedroom TV. (And have recommended this product to friends and co-workers.)
Side loaded with kodi and loving no cable bill. Well worth the money.
It works great for Netflix and amazon streaming I love these boxes
The product works great. If you need help using it just look it up on youtube
This product works great and you can speak right to the remote of what you want
Great piece of equipment. Created rings around Apple TV. With Kodi install ....the best ever!
Item is as described and I have enjoyed the ease of use
I love the Fire TV it's so awesome has so many things on it
excellent product ! this is my second firetv box!!!
No problems, enjoy being able to watch movies without paying additional fees to rent. Netflix & hulu accounts are available
Works great. TV how you want it watch movies and tv shows anytime.
great product...will buy again...like it's versility and ease of use
Very easy to set up and use. No issues very simple
I bought the Amazon Firebox so I could finally get rid of cable. when I think of all the $$ I will save on cable I may buy another one for 2nd tv. A bit challenging learning how to operate it, Once I do I know I will love it. Thanks Amazon
This is one of the best purchases I have ever made pay the little extra and get the fire tv
I already own a Nvidia Shield but needed a cheaper option for my sons room to run Netflix and Kodi. The Amazon Fire TV runs both great, no lag and looks great.
I love this box. It's the best thing out there. I cut my cable completely off. Great savings.
This has been a tremendous item. I'm so glad I did my research and picked this piece for online television.
I had heard of the Amazon fire stick through the Internet. I got to say I'm not disappointed at all with this purchase. It's a wonderful alternative to cable TV and it is saving me alot of money!
The best add on to your tv ever!! Shopping streaming all together
I love my fire stick it provided hours of entertainment
Hands down my favorite purchase lately,if you haven't bought one yet please go get it
This a great upgrade fir me. Just replaced the fire stick and difference is huge.I love it
Works great and is a must have for cord cutters. I switch from an AppleTV and couldn't be happier. Interface is easy to use, processor is "snappy", and there is a large list of apps for it.
solid product by amazon, for streaming with various services.
We pay over six $540 a month for Verizon I would never ever pay for cable again all you need is fast Internet I was never the one to sit and watch movies but now since I have the fire stick I love it
This product worked excellent right out of the box. Setup was very easy and a no-brainer. I am totally pleased with this product and yes I would recommend it to my friends.
This is a great streaming product. Especially if you already have Amazon Prime.
Best purchase . Use it daily. Loads fast great buy...
Love the flexibility to watch what I want! Can switch between locations in the house, and also in our second home!
Has everything I wanted. Fast and reliable. Works well with kodi.
Works beautifully. First I connected ethernet to Internet. Discovered wireless capabilities just as good. Great programing.
Fire tv works really well. It was easy to set up. No problems at all.
I love it and I don't pay for cable anymore. That's winning all the way around.
Super fast and easy to use I love this box and it's freatures
I bought this to have some extra features and compared it to my roku sticks and roku 2,3 and 4. I prefer the roku for netflix and the roku for many maybe more use friendly. However if you are looking for something that can do it all with more capabilities and features the Fire TV wins. I am amazed at what I can do with this little box. If you have not tried one do so.
amazon fir is absolutely the best for streaming movies
amazon fire tv box is awesome i love using netflix in 4k!
We love this and take it everywhere with us for streaming stuff
Gift for my parents, easy for them to use! They loved it!
Really enjoying my product. Clear pictures, great sound quality
Love this device and went on to buy 2 as gifts! Hope they love it as much as I do!
Regulat TV has taken a beck step to the Fire product. Footbal and sports access in general makes this a great option to cable TV.
I must say I have thoroughly enjoyed my Amazon Fire TV. It hooks up to your television seamlessly and provides a wide assortment of viewing options. This device could easily replace your cable television.
Loads TV, movies, applications very smoothly fast. Easy to use.
Amazon TV works great when paired with the Kodi app.
Way better than Apple TV. Very reliable user friendly
The fire tv has been a great upgrade over our 1st gen fire stick. Very much appreciate the 4K streaming abilities.
FireTV is the best streaming device. This model have Alexa 
This is amazing can easily move it from computer to TV. My kids love watching movies. Set up in seconds and ready to go.
It's great to watch all your Movies , and stream .
This device helped in my decision to cut the cord. Works great, abundant material to watch, especially with prime.
I have tried them all and this is the most solid one. Better than Roku
A well worth purchase. I got this for my brother and dad for Christmas and they loved it.
Finds movies and shows quickly. Very easy to set-up
I love the quality on the streaming is my first box I have 2 firesticks, amazing box from amazon.
I love it good bye Apple TV and Roku. A must have for the digital age..!
i love amazon fire tv is the best streaming in the world really recommend
Excellent overall quality fast easy to setup no hassel. Great amazon selection not to many updates good content. no lag amazing picture quality.
The Fire TV/Stick by Amazon is an amazing product. It has totally reinvented the way you can get premium movies/tv channels, without paying premium price.... I am replacing all of my cable boxes with this product....the savings are incredible!
Works great very happy. Loads very fast and easy to use !
Great streaming device, easy to set up, I love it.
Awesome device! Turns your tv into a smart tv. Really no need for cable anymore.
Works great! We love it! I would recommend fire TV to anyone.
It is easy to install and upgrade. Love the clarity
This new Osmo Mobile is amazing. The quality of it and the way that it turns on its own is just a match going into 2017 as far as the advancement of technology. Definitely recommended!
Great products. Works perfect. Get to watch a lot of shows and movies.
Fantastic, I use my fire tv everyday, I tell all my family & friends to buy one. For Christmas I bought them as gifts. This is a must have.
Got this as a step up from the Fire Stick, and can definitely tell the difference. No Lag! Great device. They've recently pushed an update which has cleaned up the interface for the better. We also have ROKU, which is also great.
I really enjoyed the versitility of this item. it works wonderfully.
I love my new fire tv. Don't have to wait for movies to refresh.. awesome!!
I love Amazon now there's so much functionality especially with video. This works great and the quality is amazing
best on the market you can watch movies from amazon live tv
Decided to purchase this on a friends recommendation and it ws well worth it.
Love it working great on my 4kTV real easy to use.
You can barely find these in the store now i know why fast smooth tv and movie streaming great for games too
Need a little patience with fast forwarding and pausing . But great picture quality.
Fast and easy to use. Interface is user friendly. Even my kids had no issue using this device. No lags for me. Connected wired and seems way faster than the stick. Definitely recommend this item.
Great streaming device with awesome games. Alexa works great
We bought a second tv so we needed another firetv box. It works great with the services we're using.
Its is a great product.Fast and reliable.Streaming and services are the best
I upgrade from the fire stick and don't regreted because this one is double the speed and works really good for what I need it.
I purchased the Amazon Fire TV because it gives you the ability to use streaming apps like Netflix, Hulu, and many other android based programs. The Amazon OS and GUI is excellent. Smooth and not complicated. The ability to use the microphone on the remote is perfect for anyone as it is very accurate and easy to use. The video streaming is very good, the processors and RAM can give you smooth playback with any media file you can play on it. I highly recommend this box for anyone looking for a streaming device at a great price.
I got this to put kodi on and stream 4K stuff. Works great
This product is great !!!! I would recommend this to family and friends
i really enjoy this product the costumer service was great on helping me pick the right item and explain it to me well i cont to have great experience at best buy.
This Fire TV is a great way to cut the cord on cable provider or satellite. We are able to stream everything we need and in 4k on our TV. Definitely worth the value.
the box is very fast and doesn't have any buffering
This was an upgrade from the fire stick. Works so much faster. Stick is still great and portable but this device is good for bigger places. Works well with weak wifi.
This is the best smart tv box out there, I've tried Roku, and I'm not a big fan, also have seen Apple TV, and used to own a google chrome cast, but the amazon tv is the easiest to use, and I think is the best bang for the buck! Even if you have a smart TV I recommend buying an Amazon tv box. Watching any Netflix, or Amazon prime videos is easy, loads super fast, and works great. Especially if you download the Kodi app on the box!! I am a loyal customer as I have 4 Amazon tv boxes in my home!
Awesome product it is better than the stick highly recommended
I love this device I use it everyday for all tv uses.
Amazon TV Box has the best bang for the buck. No other devices can match performance and price this offers. Great for gaming, movies, shows
We are so happy with our fire stick that we rushed back to Best Buy to another on for our friends.
Store is very clean never takes longer the an hour for my items to be ready for pick up.. device works great has received the lowest price
Amazon Fire is easy to setup and easy to use. The user interface is friendly.
Great product very easy to use. Very good for programs such as Lodi.
i got tihs so i can watch hulu and netflix and it is pretty fast
Works great with our 4K tv. Upgraded from firestick and can really see the difference
My kids love this little fire, they can watch whatever movies for number of times wi
Love this product. Very fast and no buffering lag.
Easy to use and easy to navigate through everything.
The Amazon Fire TV is great. I enjoy watching the news, movies and sports with it
This device is amazing. It has all the latest tv apps as well as cable channel apps. It definitely will cut your cable bill in half
My wife and I have been cordcutting for a while with a Roku TV on one TV and a PS4, I decided to try the Amazon Fire TV...WOW this device is beyond awesome. I live the alexa integration to find movies. the only way it would be better is if Alexa could tune to channels on PlayStation Vue. The ability to clone my Android phone to this device is great as well. I would very highly recommend this device
I love streaming tv with this device works very smoothly have had no glitches whatsoever
I love it because it give me access to all my favorite shows
I'm so happy with this product, so many channels and best of all no more cable company. Just to give you all an idea, I was PAYING about $$$$125.00 plus, plus, plus amonth, in cable, that's about $$$1500 plus, plus, plus a year. So now I with NETFLIX, AMAZON PRIME & SLING TV going to pay about $40.00 a moth, that's about $500 per year..... Plus there is other goodies that comes with it. Excellent streaming capabilities never lose it signal. Excellent product AMAZON
This is a great media device. Mostly use it for XBMC/KODI but has plenty of power for other functions
love it nice and clean powerful tv box fast shipping from best buy all the time
great streaming box for watching great movies. amazon tv is fast and fluid to use. they have alot of movies.
A great way to stream very simple lots of apps easy to maneuver through great piece of equipment.
Perfect to watch anything I need small and to the point
Great product. Would recommend to a friend. Love it love it love it.
Awesome alternative to cable television. Being able to save $180 a month is worth the one time cost!
I love all of the different apps that are available. I have a 12mpb internet speed and have not had any issues.
Very simple setup. Within minutes I was using and discovering some fun entertainment. I am not an Amazon Prime member yet, but I expect being a member will open even more wonderful entertainment.
I love my fire tv i like it better than cable because it cost last great to have in every room.
This gadget is amazing - you can watch movies from 1958 if you are into that era.
I enjoy amazon TV and is easy to use that my young children can navigate it without my help.
I got this for directvnow Hulu cbs omg a lot of different apps it was time to cut the cord I love it
Great deal and wonderful product. Saving money on cabls
I have 2 of those and work great and fast is a Bluetooth.
amazon fire tv, i use it a lot, it is worth the price it cost..
Video quality from the Amazon Fire TV box is amazing. I have many other streaming devices from Amazon Fire stick first gen and Nexus player, this device is head and shoulders above the rest. Highly recommended.
this item is great does not take any space plus has some great features.
Its a greatproduct halpy i bought and im happy to use it
This is an awesome product. Great for watching shows and movies!
I have recently purchased a 4K tv and wanted to get the best experice out of watching anything this fire tv has great screen quality and sound with no delays
This is a great device and it streams better than the usual fire stick.
This is the second Amazon Fire TV device I have purchased, which I bought as an addition for another TV in my home. This device is great because it allows you to connect to so many different TV source (Amazon Prime, Netflix, Sling TV, etc.). Also, the processing speed with this device is great and a little better than the firestick that I have.
We needed something to be able to stream all of our subscription services. A friend told us a fire stick would be perfect since we have prime and this turned out perfect!!!
Love this device. I have a 16 month old that is hard set to get to nap and go to bed. Currently still on a vacation, and have been very pleased with the ease of putting on Sesame Street on the hotel tv via hbogo. no little tablet or phone needed, and has perfect picture quality
It's perfect for me, my husband and my daughterthere are so many apps we downloaded, Sling, Nick Jr, Disney, CNN etc.If you're looking for the end all answer to cut your cable TV service, FireTv does not have things like live CNN, AMC and other cable stations (yet), but you could purchase a subscription for Sling TV (Google it) which has ala-carte live TV services. Something Apple is promising to deliver. If you have a current cable subscription, you can get things like HBO and Netflix streamed to your box if you are already paying for it in your home cable subscription. Your provider "passes through" the HBO, Netflix, etc
I absolutely love my firestick. The possibilities are limitless.
This Fire Tv box is great. Bye bye cable, hello savings. I'm glad I purchased this item.
I have used this everynight since I bought it to catch all my favorite shows and movies. I am so glad I bought this product!!!!!!
I wanted to find a way to stream The Grand Tour and the Fire TV works great. Our first streaming experience- very easy to use with Amazon Prime and high speed internet.
Its Really amazing device, i really like it. its working flow less.
For me, the Amazon Fire TV is an amazing way to hook up with my favorite Netflix and Amazon Prime shows or explore other streaming sources. So easy to use. No more "hunt and peck" input for searching for the show I want to watch. I simply push a button, say the name of my fav show and it comes up on the screen. I love it so much, I bought one for both of my TV's!
works perfect for my 4k tv and the voice command comes in handy
This is a great product to purchase I love that you can watch whatever out there too watch with out leaving the comfort of your own home
Has media streaming capabilities but also Alexa smart home functions. Good value for the price. This version has 4K streaming capability.
Great product! Easy to use! New update to the UI is really nice too!
Best thing we ever purchased! Amazon TV is awesome, best move we ever made. we cut the chains from Directv and don't even miss it. There are so many things to watch and there are in-app purchases as well if you want to expand your viewing pleasure. still cheaper than Directv or cable. Highly recommend this.
Bought the fire box for main Television in house and it works great
This is one of the best devices out right now! I love it!
The fire stick provides excellent 4k quality and is easy to use
Great purchase. Really worth it if you have Netflix, Hulu and stream other things to phase out cable. Easy to use.
Best purchase ever. Would recommend to anyone. It's the best
Purchased this for voice command capabilities which work great. Great product.
This item is one of the best add-ones known to man. You can download almost every app to use on your TV. There is always updates to make sure it works properly. I've never had an issue with the Fire Stick.
This was purchased because every time I would try to stream something from my tv, it would be laggy. This solved my problem. Easy set-up and user friendly.
Love, love, love the Amazon Fire Stick! Works really well and is easy to use!
Bought as a gift and very easy to use. Everyone was happy!
Works great we are Amazon prime so love the shows ! I am using this with wireless .
This item is so great. I love it. I bought 2 of this before and gave it to my family member and they loved it too.
If looking to get an all in one box, this one works great!
It has an excellent collection of apps, interface is really smooth and no hick ups.
Works great! Get all my shows and movies. Even gets my hockey channels. 4K, 1080p, HD, and standard viewing options. So worth it, i bought 2 more!!!
My primary interest in streaming (this was new to me) was to stream The Grand Tour on Amazon Prime. I figured an Amazon device was the easiest way to do this. And I was correct. The Fire TV is easy to use and works great. I have fast internet (50-60 mpbs download) so I have no complaints about picture quality.
Better performance and more options that my firestick. As it should for the extra cost and added size. Still a nice compact little package though. Very happy with this purchase and runs all of the programs I use very well. Expandable storage is a huge plus!
Very easy installation and works great! I'd highly recommend it.
I suggest this to anyone looking to watch Netflix and Hulu simple.
The firestick with voice remote has tamed the TV again, making watching enjoyable and easy. My wife is the one who is really sold on it, as she had become frustrated with most of the gadgets I've brought into the house. This one she won't part with!
Best product out there, worth buying all day, wouldnt pass on it
I really like the Fire TV. We've had one in our living room for several years and I bought this one for my wife for Christmas to put in the bedroom. Great utility and very easy to sue.
Bought this for my dad to watch Netflix, and it works very well. Easy to use, which is a bonus
This does what is suppose to do, and I haven't had not over issue with it... I give it a thumbs up!
This amazon fire tv was a great gift. many movies at your finger tips
I am very happy with my Amazon Fire TV. I set my 19 year old daughter to install it and she had it up and running in a matter of a couple minutes.
Bought this to run the Kodi app. It's awesome!!!!!
This was a Christmas gift for my daughter and she absolutely LOVES it. I was undecided between the Fire stick or the Fire TV and since a coworker has the Fire TV and loved it I went with the Fire TV as opposed to the stick - especially since there is more memory in the Fire TV (the TV is about 50.00 more but worth it)
This item works well. Will help you avoid those monthly cable fees
Upgraded from an older model AppleTV to this, couldnt be happier with the amount of features and apps available. Voice search is surprisingly great!
Absolutely best amazon product ever! Very easy to navigate. Love everything about it.
Bought this for a raffle gift, and everyone wanted to win it. I personally have one too, and love it.
So easy to use my parents can even figure it out good quality
I was able to catch this thing on sale Black Friday for $70. It could possible be the best $70 I have ever spent. Everyone should own a amazon fire tv!
This item allowed me to turn my tv into not only a smart tv, but a game console. Is great for family games.
this is a fantastic item, love the simplicity of its use
I love being able to choose what I want to watch!!
Use it everyday...sign up for amazon prime and watch almost anything..
Fire tv is to Android users as to Apple TV to Apple users. It's fast and never has any issues streaming
Excellent purchase, recommended to all my friends, and purchased another on for my other TV.
Absolutely great would buy over and over again excellent for streaming
Kodi fans get the TV! Even if you have the stick, upgrade. You'll be happy you did. Very cool item!!!!
Buy it. These are awesome. Love them! So much can be done with them. Best on the market. Worth the extra over the fire tv stick.
Best purchase I've made in a while. This thing is fun for the whole family, really came in handy with the recent storms we had. Every night is a movie night with this
It gives me viewing options that I love and the grand kids love playing the games
Very smooth operating system and easy to use for Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, etc
Couldn't be happier works as expected and price was fair.
The fire tv has been a cool utility to add to the entertainment department in our household. Much more responsive than the stick... hardly any lag. Continuous updates from Amazon keeps the UI fresh & ever evolving content is a plus.
This stick runs fast and smooth with alot less lag than the original. If you want to the best the Nvidia shield 2017 is the best.
what an amazing device. super fast in comparison to the fire tv stick. best streaming device available in my opinion!
I purchased this for my bedroom since I have the stick downstairs close to my Wifi router and have had no issues with it. This is even better than the stick and has no buffering or lag issues whatsoever for the normal things I watch and stream. Highly recommended!
I love it because it saves me money. Easy to use. Great value.
Well worth the money. Bye-bye cable company bills.
My 3rd Amazon Fire TV (for different rooms) and it is such a great product. Much easier to navigate then the built in smart TV functions for watching other apps and it is much more responsive for searching for shows using the voice controlled search function.
I love the many programs you can get from the many apps.
Way to set up. Easy to use. Add on apps are easy to install as well
I use it every day. 4k shows like the Grand Tour look impressive. Set up is easy.
Love it I can stream all the stuff that I want to see. Catching up on the shows that's no longer on tv is so cool. I also have amazon prime so I can watch certain movies. Best purchase ever.
Better than the fire stick crystal clear perfect gift for someone
In my opinion the fire tv is definitely one of the best streaming devices out there with its awesome performance and easy to use.
Love it best purchase especially if you have someone to program it for you!
Easy setup and the Echo voice activated searches is a nice touch. Good set of applications as well.
Fire stick from amazon very good product. .very nice
Originally I bought the stick. I ended up giving the stick to my friend because I had bought this as a present for my brother and helped him set it up. It is extremely fast so I bought one for myself. The fire tv is fantastic for watching anything
Only one reason people buy these i for kodi. It's a great device and i love it i hated paying 100 dollars for it just because the sticks were sold out due to resellers
The firetv is so easy to use. Plug it in and go. Affordable & lots of great apps
This device does a great job of streaming from all of your accounts.
Recommend to anyone interested.....................
I've always been a Roku user but when Directv Now came out recently and wasn't available on Roku but was on Fire TV I gave it a try. I've been very happy with it and have switched all my Roku's out with Fire TV's.
If you are an Amazon prime member then amazon fire with Alexa is a no-brainer. No need to subscribe to cable tv when amazon fire has all the movies and apps you need. Try it and you will be hooked.
Got rid of DirecTV and purchased an Amazon Fire TV. We stream video every night and the picture quality is incredible. Just make sure that your internet speed is able to keep up if you want to watch in HD. Nice to be able to cut the cord, save some money and not sacrifice picture and sound quality
This amazon fire tv box is amazing. The picture quality is awesome
Love the new fire TV. replaced my Cable TV box. now I just need to have internet services!! save me a ton of money. I can watch live TV to on demand movies. great product!!
Great easy to use product for streaming. Very pleased with it.
This is a great product to buy o be able too watch all kinds of shows An movies An more worth every penny
The fire tv box is the best and fastest steaming player out in the market. Have 4 devices in my house and got rid of my direct tv subscription. It's the best.
Purchased the Fire TV over the Fire Stick because it os capable of streaming 4K. Device works great.
The fire stick is the holy grail of entertainment. Easy to set up and easy to use. The apps are user friendly and easy to navigate.
I absolutely loved it it is the best thing that I have used since cable
Easy to use, and worth the money. Lots of movies and other features
I can say that amazon fire tv is a great product for people who enjoy watching their favorite shows in a easy way with out too much work...don't think about it too much just buy it :)
Very happy with it. Set up was fast and easy. Worth the price
Debated between firetv and Apple TV and ultimately went with firetv due to price. Works great, easy set up and easy navigation. I have not had any buffering issues.
This is a great media box! Streaming is smooth and the remote is simple and easy to use.
I love how easy it is to use and the variety you get.
Every thing I've read about the fire stick is true
Amazon is obviously banking on this item and the Amazon Sticks. In all fairness it is a great product with a lot to offer and a good price point. I like the Voice control feature to easily navigate through your favorite shows, movies and all. I also have a smart home and like the flexibility to control every inch of it from my TV remote too (control lights, doors, Electronics, you name it). You can also do a little programming and installed Kodi to have free movies and such, Yes I said FREE, anyways it is a great product.
This product is easy to use and you definitely get what you paid for. It is also easy to insall.
I love this thing its freakin awesome to own and fun
This is an amazing product, I can't get enough of it! I use it everyday for hours, never have to pay for movie tickets with this box, plus it is also great for other apps, games, netflix, tv shows, it's up to you!
The FireTV box is a great device to help with cutting cable. It has 4K streaming and all the apps you need to watch movies and tv on the device or you can download them. You can install side load and install android apps on this as well. I would recommend one to anyone.
Just like the title...fast and perfect together with amazon prime (you don't need to have amazon prime to use this player)
The picture quality is great.It's easy to hook up.
Even though I'm an apple lover, I've turned to the firestick and fire tv for internet access on 4 tv's in my house. Very happy with the ease of set up and the performance.
Excellent product, amazing resolution, great quality
Purchased this as a gift for my husband and didn't know what exactly it was all about. Once we installed it and saw all of the things we can watch on it, I was hooked. Very easy to navigate through all of the apps. Considering dropping our cable provider because most of the shows we watch are available through Fire TV. Highly recommend! We will also be purchasing a couple of Firesticks so we can watch in other rooms.
If you can jail break it. It will be a nice product
Purchased product to stream and it appears to be working well.
I upgraded from a first gen Firestick. The Fire TV box is lightning fast. Tons of apps to play with. It could either be an addition to your cable/satellite tv experience or it could help you cut the cord.
This is a wonderful streaming box. It was easy to set up. There has been no lag and it provides channels I cannot get on my Apple TV. I absolutely love it.
Great product. An excellent alternative to the much more expensive Apple Tv. Gives you the option to display 4k context (Netflix) wich current version of Apple Tv does not allows you to do. I bought so that I can have the SlingBox app wich you can not get with Apple Tv, Sony Android TV, LG OS, or Sony Playstation 4.Great product. Highly Recommended.
We have Amazon Prime, so I wanted to replace my older Apple TV, so I could stream directly to the TV. Very happy with purchase. Alexa works well, which is an upgrade over just the Fire Stick.
This is a great device. Easy to install easy to use.
I got a second one for my downstairs TV. Works great
I bought two of these this year and I love my Fire TV it's very fast and fairly cheap the customer service was great when I bought my Fire TV. I can watch my Amazon Prime Hulu Netflix everything from one box. I will be purchasing one more cuz I love them so much specially when you stream using an ethernet cable which the best. This box is really fast it does not buffer
Amazon is a great product. Use with Prime and get shopping benefits!
Love the product. It is amazing for streaming and has wide range of applications. Great Product overall.
Very fast, no buffering and better than fire stick when you use hardwired Ethernet.
Shipped fast. Easy setup. Works great. Would definitely recommend.
This is a fantastic product. Picture quality is awesome. Increased our internet speed so hardly an buffering. Much faster than the stick.
Loved the item - worked great. Packaging was good. I was very pleased
Our family streams movies and tv from amazon and direct tv now and this is great
This is a great piece of technology, it has 4K video output and all apps for Apple TV are available also for this box.
The Fire Stick is easy to setup and use you will love it
setting up was easy. no issues watching it or set up
I love it it was a good investment but hard to set up.
I get amazing streaming quality and speed, love the voice activated controller
Having enjoyed Amazon Prime for several years, I thought to bring it to the next level when Alexa support came to the Amazon Fire TV. Complete access to all my Prime benefits, newest shows/movies, music and more! Screen mirroring works good too. Unfortunately I do not have much time to lounge around and use it more. Overall a good buy!
Love it, great for intertainment and I would recommend
Fast shipping and very happy with the amazon fire tv.
works great. just like the reviews said. thinking about another one
This was one of the best purchases that I have ever made.
Works smoothly, no problems. Amazin has a great selection of tv shows and movies.
Great product...no problems at all. If your looking for a great media streaming look no further than the Amazon Fire TV.
It's great in performance compared to fire stick amazing product
Works fast, no lagging. Clear picture, much better then the fire stick
Great just really great. It's like Trump is talking about my amazon fire box
Item works excellent replaced my apple tv with this unit.
Works great . Able to listen to radio ,watch tv shows ,
The Amazon fire tv has a better resolution 4K and it already has most Apps installed on it and you can install your own too. I haven't regretted purchasing this amazing amazon amateur!!!!
The wife and kids love it. Thinking of buying another one.
Love my foxfire box. Easy to setup and works well!
Great as expected great customer service. I've gotten this before and it's great
Had a roku and wanted to compare how the FIRE TV performed. Ya can't lose with either one. If you see one of these FIRE TV on the shelf, grab it as they don't stay on the shelf long.
This was the perfect product for my family as it provides tons of streaming resources!
Very easy installation. Picture quality is great and no lag at all.
This item is great for me and my family. We recently have started looking for innovative ways to watch television and found this product beneficial!
Awesome streaming device, love the alexa feature!!
Very easy to set up and use works great on my non smart tv
Great product very easy to use. Installed kodi on it and love it.
This piece of technology is amazing. It works great for me since I have it hooked up directly to an Ethernet cable. It also works great with the wifi. I've since cancelled my cable & use all the amazing apps to watch live tv.
fast and responsive, love the interface, lots of content to watch
Works amazing and offers a lot of apps, games and music.
This is the best steaming device, to run many additional applications that will run smoothly.
The fire tv is one of the best android boxes out there great for any streaming media you can imagine
The Amazon Fire Stick is compatible with a Samsung television
This is terrific. What a joy. Easy to install. Easy to use.
the best streaming player ever and super fast for you tube and netflix
I love my fire TV and I love best buys service.They deliver just like they say.
I went to buy the fire stick at Best buy as it was recommened to me and was out of stock due to a recient add and the popularity of the product. I Read some reviews and decided to buy the fire tv great product easy to set up and use alexia is nice and has more storage space.i would recommend this product.
Easy to use, great for many apps. I like the fire tv version because it can accept an Ethernet cable.
I really like fire tv box it is user friendly and and I would recommend it to anyone I know.
Amazing resolution is a great diference with the firestick
Works great with sling tv to fill the gap in shows I watch
This is the best device to stream to your tv with all the apps available. It costs more than the firetv stick but I recommend it because of the quicker processor and expandable memory.
This is our fourth Amazon Fire TV. Integrates great with Alexa, and so easy to set up with your Amazon account.
Easy to use and great picture. Alexa voice control is good.
Absolutely love this product. Best decision we've made for entertainment.
We were looking for a streaming option in 4K and this one works great. Great picture and sound!
You can watch almost anything on this thing and the quality is amazing!
Quick and easy to install and simple to use my 6yr old knows how to work it
The firestorm I purchased is absoutley amazing I love it
Read online and price compared to get a great deal
I love the Fire TV and have had no issues. It is very easy to use and setup.
Works great and I haven't had any issues. Easy to use.
I bought this online and picked it up in store. It wa Lana very easy process. The setup is extremely easy. I use Kodi on it and it works great. I used Kodi on a Firestick and there is no comparison.
Absolutely love the amazon fire tv. I got this because it was one of the few streaming services that was compatible with DIRECTV Now. And it has not disappointed! Runs super fast! It only buffered every once and awhile. But Bot enough to cause an issue.
This fire Tv is a great product and it met my expectations.
I visited a friend who had one and I was sold immediately. I love how all your streaming needs are in one little box. Plus it works with Alexa. I intend to get Alexa real soon..
Straight out of the box It was so easy plug and play. Voice prompt worked great
Very fast and interface is cery user friendly a+ rating
Have both the stick and now the Fire Tv. Wish i would have bought this from the get go. Worth the extra money.
I love this it was the best thing I brought My kids even love it and it easy for or them to use
I love my Amazon Fire TV box. It is so quick and I have access to so many Apps and programs. I recommend it to everyone.
enjoy this product, very easy to use and update when needed
This device works great and is capable of so much!
i bought 2 as gifts, but i had a chance to use one of them, and it is great, probably as good if not better than apple tv, and I currently have an apple tv in my house. The music app alone is worth the price. And the set up was very easy. I am seriously thinking about getting one for my bedroom. It does not come with he HDMI cable, and that would be an extra $15, maybe cheaper depending where and the length you get, but it is still cheaper than an apple TV.
I was resistant to buying an Amazon Fire because I thought my smart TV and cable box were doing a great job. However now that I've tried it, I'm planning to add one to the other 4 tv's in the house. It's seamless and so fast, and the ability to just talk to the remote instead of typing is AWESOME! We constantly use it now for streaming Amazon, Netflix, HBO, YouTube, and more. Seriously thinking about cutting cable TV out of our budget altogether.
User FriendlyI was able to tie up all my streaming into 1 display. Netflix, Amazon Prime, Directv Now, Alexa is great, just hold the button down and ask away!!!!
I tried the Amazon Fire TV after trying the Fire Stick, sue to the better ratings on resolution and the ability to hardware my internet connection to it. With these two features, the high definition in no different than what I had with Directv, which solidified this was the right decision. I now have 3 of them in each room of my home.
Really love this device. Has all the bells and whistles. 4K view is awesome
if you need a media player and access to Amazon Prime Video, this is the perfect device. Interface is smooth and efficient. I have one for each TV in my house.
Firebox is the best streaming device of all of them. Excellent product. Best App capabilities. Easy to use.
Had troubles at first as I was using a dual modem/router. Once I bought a separate modem and router it worked great and the picture is even better than what I was getting with Xfinity!
get more movies,shows channels great price easy to install and usenet more for your money
Amazon Fire tv is the best box, fast, good interface and simple
And this is amazing. Blows Apple TV out of the water with all the customizations..especially Kody. I have every apple product that currently exists, including all their computers, however, I will be replacing all my 4th gen Apple TVs with the Fire Tv.
can"t go wrong with this item it" a great investment the price is right great streaming.
setup and ran this box within 10 minutes, very portable, and works just great
I love this unit. The picture quality is awesome the system ui is easy to use and there are a ton of streaming services offered
Great box for Playstation Vue and Kodi. Works great and easy to set up.
Very easy to use. There are lot's of different options.
I have a Roku as well and this is just as fast and has a comparable picture quality.
laods up quic k i love the voice remote...awesome product
Great product no complaints, spend a little extra on good internet and never worry about cable.
This ia a great product and I would recommend it to anyone looking for entertainment.
This has been very best Android box I ever purchased. There is so much to watch and very easy to use.
i havent had a problem since i been using it. it works great
i love this amazon fire tv box and best buy had the lowest price and they have the best customer service
These boxes are great, reliable and you can download what ever you want or need for your viewing pleasure.
Great product, small and barely noticeable on top of my DVD player.
I am so happy with this purchase. I no longer have a cable or satellite bill to pay every month. Saves me $160 a month. Easy to use once you learn
Great product, easy set up, easy to hide but pleasant to look at. Works great but have not found any content that was Dolby digital. Picture is nice
I love my firestick. We choose not to do cable to save money in our first apartment and it has been great with the firestick.
One of the best streaming devices for the price. Bonus points if you are a Prime member or invested in Amazon's infrastructure.
This is the best alternative to cable. Very easy to use!
Best FireTV yet. Shows 4k and 1080p content well. Amazon Prime members get extra benefits.
I would def buy this product, works like a charm. Don't buy anything other than a fire tv
I am able to see my Directv, Netflix, and amazon prime all in one system.
Fire Tv is easy to use and navigate. We use it almost everyday.
I love this box. Better than the firestick by far.
I absolutely love my amazon fire it is very user friendly. I bought one for my parents and used theirs so much I decided to buy one for myself as well.
Excellent product, it was very easy to install. Compatible to all of our electronic equipment. Very user-friendly  love that it it has the voice feature on the remote.
This is a well made box, perfect. It uses android so there is almost nothing you can't do with it
This unit works great. We ditched cable and this is a great alternative. We have had no problems with this unit.
I like the fire tv because I can hook my lan cable to it
It is much faster than the firestick and much higher quality picture.
Great product for those that have service from different apps and devices. Here one can access many in one device with ease of setup.
This product is amazing! It was an easy set up. Plug and play. And good to go!
The Amazon Fire TV is very reliable and worth the price if you are a serious streamer I recommend it highly!
I love the Amazon fire TVEasy to set up and easy to use
This product is excellent with apps available for many strraming services and capable of third party app implementations as well.
4K works great, instant connection. Content on fire TV (and stick) are always improving.
1st Amazon Fire, I love it! Best investment for my tv.
Works great. I got this because using the smart tv features on my smart tv didn't stream video very reliably. This does.
I use this not just for amazon prime, but I love the convenience of adding other apps like Netflix and sling. No need for a dish outside the house to enjoy tv
The fire TV is a nice upgrade if you have the fire stick. Its fast and has expandable storage. Best for TVs with high resolution.
Works great. Having a physical internet connection works great for streaming
Saved on cable bill and bought this on sale at best buy. Great device! Its better than roku and the google chrome.
One of the best investments ever. Work great with all the streaming apps.
Very easy to use! Love that you could talk to it and take you where you want.
This item has allowed me to eliminate my cable. I love having any movie I want at my fingertips.
FireTv is great. Easily installed and user friendly.
Works great time to cut off the dish this is all I need to watch you get everything.
The firestick tv is awesome and easy to use its also small
Has all the major streaming channels and is lightning fast. Highly recommended.
Excellent Product.The Fire TV is the all around entertainment unit that continuously keep improving. I have it Paired with the Echo. Truly enjoyable.
I bought the amazon stick as a bday gift for my cousin. It's pretty easy to use, with its plug and play features
The best media player, very easy to work with. Love the 4k display
This is the best streaming device to watch movies on or even Netflix.
Works great and KODI is totally worth the price becaus you save a lot on not having to use Netflix anymore
Fast functional easy interface small great control Kodi mobdro Amazon what more can I say
Excellent quality. Easy to set up. Works great. Definitely recommend.
Love my Fire TV Box. Works great and highly recommend if you are in the market for an android box!!
Works great with so many options. Haven't been able to get the 4k to work but that might be the hdmi cable currently connected. Everythings wotks extremely fast.
Love the Fire TV. It is fast and reliable. I have all my movies, tv shows and apps in one place.
I replaced my smart dvd player and this product works amazing and fast
The Amazon Fire Stick is an amazing device that makes it easy to watch movies and navigate through apps - I love the fact that I don't even have to use my smart TV apps because the fire stick has it all. I would definitely recommend.
If you're looking to stop being ripped off by cable and satellite companies the combo of the antenna and fire tv are perfect!
I love how fast it goes from one program to another program I like the apps that it has on it and also I like that is able to work with all my televisions that will problem.
I were told about the fire stick tv from a friend so went to a best buy store to buy one.the store had to order me one I had it in my hand in two days and I have been enjoying it. Use it everyday.
This is the best way to go if your sick of cable bills. Movies galore on this.
Absolutely love it friends and family all purchase on
Fire tv excellent for streaming tv channels. Cut the cord for cable.
Works very well and easy to set up. Use this to stream DTN.
This is what i believe is the best purchase that i made. Android platform and loving it. Able to cut the cable and is dependent on Fire TV. Highly recommended.
Amazon Fire TV is easy to use and is very easy to setup.
I really like this product because I can get tv programs, music & movies that are not available with my cable box. It was easy to set up and easy to use. There are apps that you can download that makes this really fun to have. I was using the firestick and was having buffering issues, but with this speed has not been as issue.
happy I purchased it. Have had no problems and was easy to set up
This product is really good.. this product does everything it says.... you can watch hull,Netflix,penthouse,hustlers, Showtime,HBO,you tube the streaming is unlimited.
The remote works great manually or in voice mode. It takes a little time to learn to navigate the applications. But it was a good purchase.
I had just about every android box out there and this is my favorite. I hate the fire stick but love this.if you want something that works great get this.
Very happy with the performance of the fire tv. I also have first gen fire stick and the load time and lack of buffering on the fire tv is great. I'm also a prime member and the quantity of programming is pretty god. Would definitely recommend.
We have both apple and the fire TV, we like the fire tv the best. It's easy for all ages to access. Glad we bought it.
I purchased this mainly for streaming tv since we canceled our cable. Works great and has a excellent selection of apps.
This is so much faster than the fire stick...highly recommended.
Great machine to add additional apps and games to any smart or non-smart TV. A must have for streamers.
Love my fire tv so easy to use gives me all my services in one place
good quality product will buy again best buy always has what i need
Grateful I have the hottest item of the year and it works great! Thank you Best Buy!
If your tv is not a smart tv and you don't have a gaming system this is the appliance for you! Easy installation and very portable so you don't even see it!
I got this box's for a gift and they love it and for that price can't beat that
I purchased my Fire TV to replace a Fire Stick and I am VERY HAPPY with my decision. So far I have not experienced any lag and it is so nice to be able to plug an ethernet cable into my Fire TV .
Picture is top-notch...4K capable. Also, something I discovered on my own that the "experts" in the stores did not know or tell me: even though you don't have a 4K capable TV, the Fire Box may still be what you want instead of the Fire Stick...here's why: when you watch live news or sports they are broadcast at 30 frames per second. The Fire Stick only can produce 20 frames per second, so the picture looks somehow "previously recorded"...jusy not like a sharp, high-def pucture. So I replaced the Fire Stick on my 1080p capable TV with the Fire Box and, BINGO!, perfect...because it can reproduce 30 frames per second! You'll see the difference, trust me!!!
The Amazon Fire Tv is simply awesome. It has over 50 apps for watching tv shows and movies. There is nothing that this thing does not have when it comes to streaming apps.
It down strings very well works very well with our direct Now TV would recommend this product
The amazon fire tv is great in all aspects and is so fast
Great features and easy to use. A must buy for Prime members.
This streamer box is very easy to set up. It finds the WiFi quickly. A nice and enjoyable addition to cord cutting.
Great streaming device with a lot of options to watch, highly recommended and super easy to install and use
The Amazon - Fire TV is easy to learn and wonderful customer service they will walk you throw any thing you need help with.
The picture quality is great. It's easy to use and great for my home.
Very good product. Works well with all televisions.
Works great when connected directly to wifi router.
An excellent product. You can stream everything on it.
No joke I have one on every tv in my house.This unit is so powerful and *customizable.The content of movies and tv shows that you can stream is almost unlimited these days.
love it... the amazon fire tv is perfect for our trailer while traveling....
Very fast and tons of apps to download with plenty of space to store them.
Favorite streaming device hands down totally worth it.
Works better than roku plus apps like psvue were developed with more love. Roku also had some strange problem with working on a tv that requires hdmi to dvi
there were so many movies to pick from and also so many tv shows to watch all in great quality.
I love the Amazon Fire TV box, Amazon makes great products that are great for anyone.
Working great and I love it...it's has a great quality ,good graphic and easy to use..
It work great the first time and just bought my 2nd for a different location. The cord is that much closer to being cut.
We purchased a couple Amazon Firesticks first to facilitate cutting the cord. The Firesticks are ok for bedrooms or less used TVs, they just don't perform as well as the more powerful Amazon TV Box. I will be purchasing another one for the movie room. It's been great cutting the cord. But the one thing I'm waiting in is for Hulu Live to make it over to the Amazon platform. They keep saying soon, so patiently waiting. Hulu Live looks to be much better than our current Sling service. Other than that the box is great and that one issue might be Hulu or networks holding it up.
it is a great product. I would recommend this to a friend
Simply great and easy to set up!!! I would recommend this to anybody.
Fantastic product at An affordable price and fast delivery
It has a great picture. But, This is not different from the original fire stick.
The Firestick is awesome! Would highly recommend to anyone for their tv.
We decided to cut the cable and love the options the Fire Tv gives us.
Easy set up. Very easy to use. Was easy to install.
The Amazon Fire Tv has worked great for us! Super easy set up!
Great product! Definitely buy this brand first!!!!!
I love all the apps. All your favorite shows and movies at your fingertips
Fire TV is an awesome tool easy to use and designed to be quick, light, and filled with options.
This Amazon box works better than the fire stick. 100% happy with it.
Runs kodi extremely well, the on board apps and services are great too. Really a top of the line media box. Can't utilize 4k yet but some day!!
Spend the extra money and get this instead of the firestick. Way more responsive. The time saved scrolling the guide on PS VUE alon is worth it.
The firestick is great and sasy to use.I tell all my friends how great it is . I have purchase one gor my travels
I love it. These things are sold out everywhere. Except at BestBuy.
Absolutely love it! Watch movies all the time. Great investment!
Amazon Fire stick is perfect for anything. We play the games, stream movies and I like listening to Pandora Music. Its all in one.
This thing is much better than the fire stick version it's much more powerful and faster and the best part is you can connect it to the internet via ETHERNET CABLE.
Fast to install and I very easy to work it's got great resolution
We did a lot of research when looking for a streaming device to use on an outside television as we didn't want to add another cable box. Amazon Fire TV was the best option. It is so convenient and easy to use. The voice commands are excellent. It also has several apps that are unavailable on Apple TV that we truly enjoy, such as TCM. It also has USB port available. We highly recommend Amazon Fire TV for anyone searching for a streaming device!
We love the amazon fire tv the 4K definition is great easy to use
I have really enjoyed binge watching shows on Netflix and exploring all the options I have with the fire stick.
If you're looking to install kodi this is an excellent buy. Fast processor easy to use and a good price.
We now have fire TV in every room of the house. Very user friendly.
Great tool for streaming, HD is awesome and sound is to, only wish it had ability to stream from USB stick or external HDD.
Bought for my daughter on Christmas. She has hooked it up and and has enjoyed using it That's good enough for me. :)
It works as advertised, great for college students
Alexa thats all you need the voice command is amazing. Looking for shows or browsing
My daughter had the fire stick at her home when I went to visit her , I liked it So when I got back home I went and bought the fire tv box due to it having more memory, it works great
I love the Amazon fire tv. I have so much access to television series and movies.
This thing is used everday. I had this guy Vincent program it with cody.he has been doing this for several years. Cable channels movies just like my direct Tv.
This works wonderful. We cancelled Direct tv and went with is instead. Love it.
This amazon fire box works great. I don't have cable, we use the apps and Netflix that is connected to wifi. Easy to set up. We have one in every room.
I love this. I can load all my apps and watch pretty much everything I ever used to watch on cable. The only thing is I wish I could get the Hallmark channel...but other than that I'm very happy for the price.
This box is probably one of the best things that I've ever purchased!
Overall I think it was a great product. I would definitely recommend to a friend.
Lots of pre installed apps, fast os, and rf remote
Amazon does everything well. This is a terrific product installs easily and you don't need to be a tech guru to use it.
Easy setup. I will buy the second one for my bed room
I will never pay for TV programming ever again. I love my fire stick
I've owned firesticks in the past but the speed on the fire tv box is definitely much faster! Very happy.
Love the setup of this fine streaming tool!!! Use it daily
Faster then the fire stick plus SD card for storageWorth the extra price
It's a pretty good product. Took a little getting use to navigate
Very happy with device ,,, may purchase second device
I love my FireStick but the addition of 4K streaming is worth getting the FireTV. It seems to be noticeably faster as well.
This product is great and user friendly. It's easily accessible and has plenty of apps and Channels to watch!
Awesome device! Using it to cut the cord and it works great
Fast processor, excellent interface. You need this if you are cutting the cord.
Fire TV provides good quality picture and great remote control.
I bought this because I have Amazon Prime. This was really easy to set up. Picture quality is excellent. Better than cable or satellite.
I really love my Fire Stick, it has been a great entertainment device
We love our Amazon Fire TV! We get all our favorite shows and movies. It works perfectly!
The Fire TV was very simple to setup and gives plenty of different viewing options. I currently subscribe to Netflix and Playstation Vue, both of which I can access on the Fire TV. I've also downloaded apps for ABC, HBO, Showtime, NBA TV, and others to expand my capability. Certainly worth the price even if you don't subscribe to Amazon TV.
Great picture, hooked up via Ethernet it works flawlessly. With fire Tv there is no need for a "smart tv" or a cable bill.
This product is a lifesaver, the quality is excellent and is not difficult at all to setup and use. The abundance of apps you can install is great and it has become a staple in my family!
I bought the Fire for a second tv as I already have one and like it. I bought the Fire because I am a Prime member.
We canceled cable TV 3 years ago because of the rising cost. With Amazon TV we can subscribe to Sling and get our favorite cable shows for 15% of the cost.
Amazon Fire TV is a great streaming box, easy to set up and use.
Great for streaming media slingbox Amazon prime Netflix Kodi great value
Works great for watching tv shows. Plugged right in. Easy to use.
It work perfect. I like the design and love the remote control also.
I have two fire tv boxes and they work great. I pluged my direct into the router with a patch cable for very fast speed. The wifi is also very strong and works great. Love the optional storage slot for a flash card.
Works exactly as expected. I bought this in an effort to convert my old flatscreen with no smart capabilities into a smart tv. Definitely got the job done!
The Amazon Fire TV Box is much better than the fire stick. I really enjoy the streaming speed and how fast I can navigate the menu screen. I am happy I upgraded from the Fire Stick.
I love this Amazon fire thing so much, I said bye bye to direct tv.. This will also save me over $100 a month. That's just icing on the cake for me!!!!!!!
Does the job its suppsed to. Get it and enjoy life in the fast lane
The Amazon- Fire Tv is a great tool for streaming. I suggest it to anyone that didn't ha and a Smart TV but wants those options.
Great alternative to cable. I have purchased these for several of my family members. I have a 70 inch 4K tv and the picture is clear. The device is user friendly and can get many apps.
Nice for watch nexflix play games best item i buy .
get this and you won't go wrong. I love the speed of it and how easy it is to set up. My child loves the ability to play games esp if you get the game controller with it as well.
This device is very easy to use and it's also fast and so many movies to choose from! I would highly recommend this to anyone!
It's great I love it would recommend to anyone worth the money
We love it no need for cable! Just make sure you have really good internet!
I did away with cable and was trying to choose between a roku and firebox. Decided on the firebox and so happy I did. Works with all my other amazon products.
Works very well as long as you have good internet speed. Saves us a lot of money not paying for satellite.
I have a 1st generation and 2 of the second generation FireTV devices. I've been very happy with them. What I didn't expect was my Samsung remote to work with the Amazon unit since the Amazon remote is not an IR remote, but the Samsung remote works great. Very happy with the responsiveness of the FireTV unit. Menus seem very intuitive.
Product is awesome. I love it it's easy to use and is fast.
I bought this after I bought my Firestick, and this is faster. Works great with Netflix, easy to install and load, picture quality is fantastic.
Easy to instal, easy setup, simple clean navigation, love this product
Very happy with this product and not having to pay outrages cable/satellite bills. Set up is a breeze.
I'm very pleased with my fire tv purchase. It was highly recommended and it indefinitely delivers. So many tv shows and movies are available, now to find the time to watch them all.
Where to begin? Let's see...easy wifi or Ethernet setup. Runs all my apps. Runs 4K. Super small footprint. The remote is nice, plus voice activation(if you're into that). Super easy navigation once you setup all your apps.
Like all amazon stuff i have used these things are great built insanly well and eith a reasonable price tag way better then any of the rokus i have tried.
Works well. The kids love it can watch everything on it.
I have had the Firestick and recently upgraded to the Fire TV. Wow what an improvement over the Firestick. Well worth the slight up charge for the improved performance.
Cord cutter here. We had been wanting to dump cable for some time but were scared to leave our comfort zone. Since we are Prime members, we finally decided to give Amazon Fire TV a shot. We've been using Fire TV for two weeks now and we'll never go back to cable!PROS:Ridiculously easy to set up and small form factor which takes up very little space.Simple remote (and a free app so you can turn your cell or tablet into a remote).No buffering issues have yet come up (although that may be because I have a very strong internet connection).Seamless interaction with our Prime Video account and Amazon Music, across all devices. For example, if I download a movie from Prime on my tablet, watch some of it during my commute - when I get home and turn on Fire TV, I can pick up right where I left off from my tablet...seamlessly without having to manually sync.Comes with thousands of channels/apps loaded including all of the the major services we use.Can be used for games (we haven't tried any games yet)The voice command feature is outstanding. Speak the name of a show or movie and be taken instantly to it, with multiple options for buying, renting or just viewing for free if available. I've never been a big voice command user with other devices but this one works so well that using it has already become a habit.Using the Amazon Photos app you can instantly upload all of your digital photos from your phone or tablet to your Fire TV for large screen viewing of your photos.CONS: No way to customize the home screen layout (at least no way that I've been able to figure out).OVERALL: I'm kicking myself for not doing this sooner. Since we use Prime and Amazon Music, its a no-brainer for us to use the Fire TV. Everything syncs automatically and transfers from device to device seamlessly.Edited to add the following section after reading some of the 1 and 2 star reviews:If you are a first-time cord-cutter, considering cord-cutting or new to streaming TV services, here are a few things to keep in mind.1) Make sure you really take the time to do research and due-diligence on cord-cutting. Just google "cord cutting" to get started with several good articles. I'm seeing a lot of 1 and 2 star reviewers who seemed surprised that they actually have to pay for things like Netflix, Hulu, etc. Fire TV (and all of the other streaming services like Roku, Apple TV, etc.) do not just give you free access to all content. They allow you to pick and choose what you want to watch and pay for as opposed to making you pay a big fee for a huge amount of channels you will never watch. If you do it right, you'll have access to the content you want for a substantial savings over what you were paying with cable.2) Make sure you have a strong (and fast) internet connection. This is very important. We dumped our cable company in its entirety (including internet service) and upgraded to a faster dedicated line internet service with another company. We have up to six devices simultaneously streaming at any given time in our house and our internet service can handle all of that as well as the streaming Fire TV. So make sure yours can as well. If you're not sure, call your internet service provider, tell them you are planning to switch to streaming television and ask them about your current speeds.3) Some apps require a cable subscription. You can purchase a streaming service like Sling which will bundle several of the channels you likely want but you may find yourself unable to access certain apps. For now password sharing with one of your friends may solve that problem but I suspect its only a matter of time before that loophole gets closed. So do your research and make sure you can access the channels you want.4) Give yourself time to adjust to the new interface. It took some getting used to when I lost my ability to surf the cable channel guide. But the fact is, I'm no longer wasting large chunks of time mindlessly surfing the guide. Rather than surf, I'm turning to specific apps to watch specific programs. Its liberating in a way that I didn't expect. Besides, I can now surf all of the Amazon Prime content by simply using the voice command on the remote.
Fire tv is easy to set up and navigate. As seniors we were concerned about the ease of use.
Picture quality is great and wide variety of features
Alexa is the best choice in using your voice to change channels or request shows. The Amazon Fire also works with Amazon Echo and Echo Dot
Great for streaming. 4K capable , not as good as the nvidia shield but also less then half the price . Overall and excellent buy for the price.
Lots of options. If you are a prime member, you have a great selection of movies.
This is so worth it if you are tired of cable. Just can watch just about everything.
I love my Amazon FireTV. Very easy to hook up! Very user friendly!
It's not as simple as cable but much cheaper and compact.
I'm using this instead of paying for a monthly satellite bill. It's worth it
Fire TV works great for movies and tv shows. Download the KODI APP and open up 100s of movies and shows.
By far the best media box out there . Absolutely no complaints . Does it intended job with an easy interface
Makes watching Netflix shows at home easy if your tv doesn't have wifi capabilities.
Works great and super fast compared to my old Firestick!
This is by far the best streaming device I've ever owned!
I'm an Apple fan boy. Between my wife, daughter and me, we Have two minis, 2 mackbook airs, a pro, 3 iPads, and two iPhones, and an Apple Watch. We also have 3 apple TVsI retired my living room Apple TV after finding out all the cool stuff you can do with the fire stick. This is a must for anyone with a prime account since Apple TV doesn't allow amazon yet (heard the app will be there soon). The best part is modding it with fire tv guru.
Updated features are great and easy to use. Upgraded on the advice of Geek Squad when they came out to install a new TV. I highly recommend for those looking to cut the cord!
Works great, easy to setup, simple to navagate, layout and options are easily to use
I used a lot of different streaming boxes over the years I've never had a lot of success with them until now these Amazon boxes are extremely well built and provide excellent content
Amazon fire TV was easy to install and the content is great..
Having had a Roku as well the interface for the Fire TV far exceeds that of the Roku .
I have 2 firestick and now the fire tv..i have it hooked to to my UHD tv and it's great.
We recently dropped cable to save some money and this has been great. I literally can't think of a movie or tv show that I can't find on the FireTv.
I've purchased 5 within 3 months, amazing product. Have recommended it to all my family and friends.
I had previously purchased the fire stick. It works good and had what you need. I bought the TV model. It's super fast. I love it and would highly recommend it!
This is our second Amazon Fire TV. They are great and we've never had any issues with it. We really love the Amazon Prime membership as well.
Since my apartment is paired with Echos and Echo Dots the Fire TV was a must have for my place. Not as sexy as an Apple TV but its UHD capability paired with my TVs made this a great addition.
Plugged everything in, using a network cable instead of wifi, and everything just works. The box is responsive, would be nice if the remote had tv volume options, but that's a small nitpick. Very happy with the purchase, it confirmed my decision to be a cord cutter and drop DirecTV.
I love this device. It is great for a device of its size,
A must have to cut cable. It's very fast and reliable.
I recently bought the Amazon TV because my PS3 was having difficulties streaming Playstation Vue. Therefore, the primary reason I bought it was to stream Playstation Vue. It works flawless. Additionally, after setting-up Playstation Vue, I began to download a ton of different apps and use it a lot more and for a lot more streaming services then I had originally planned. I would for sure recommend it for anyone wanting to stream any shows. It is a excellent device and easy to use.
Simply the best the fire stick is also a great deal but for flawless connectivity fire tv is worth the extra green backs.
We have both the Apple TV and now Fire Stick and I'd have to say that we use the fire stick more. It's user interface is pretty decent once you're use to it and the available apps are great. We honestly have no complaints about it. Also, you can do "a lot more" on these than the other smart devices that don't allow you to use third party apps. Nice to be able to customize your device the way you want, if you ask me.Easy setup and I actually really like the voice activated remote.
Absolutely incredible ! A way better option then buying cable
Easy to use. Great user interface and easy to set up
No buffer issues and fast. Comes loaded with apps. Basically plug in and use.
This new version of the amazon tv is awesome. Pretty easy to use.
This box is the best,great apps,memory is powerful.Better than apple tv
Has everything you need to live stream. I have 4 Apple TV and wish I would have know about the Fire TV first
Really great for room not close to your internet router
This was a great buy. I would recommend to everyone who likes to have tv options!
Fire TV out of the box is great but by adding protocols and search engines available on-line, you can turn your Fire TV into a dynamic and constantly evolving device that can find and play virtually any television show or movie that is available from anywhere in the world. It's especially good as a base platform for steaming services like Netflix, You Tube, etc.
This device has been an amazing addition to my entertainment system
Streams great, I love using Alexa to play almost any song I can think of and the interface from the remote is very easy and reliable.
Upgraded my FireStickTV to the Fire TV box. Much happier with the direct connect versus Wi-Fi.
Love my Fire TV. Very user friendly and I love the remote.
This has been a great addition to my media collection. Youtube in 4k looks awesome!
We have only had our fire stick for a few weeks but we love it so far! There's so many options and the quality is wonderful.
Works faster then the stick. I have both. Runs smooth
who would not love this product when it is so simple to use and you will get hours of enjoyment from it.
Works great for all my steaming needs. I was able to transform my non smart tv.
This purchase by far has been one of the best made by me this year. Set up was easy, and the content was plentiful. Well worth the price.
This is an easy wHen to cut your cable bill and easy to set up. Programming is as easy as using your smartphone.
I purchased this versus the regular FireStick because I have a 4K TV and I must say, the quality is amazing even after applying KODI. I love this product
Better than the stick 2 x the memory and speed great for streaming
Love being able to access all the apps we stream from. Like the voice remote, can be a real time saver especially when you can't remember which app the show you want top watch is on.
Amazon tv is a great item! I love the fact that it can stream in 4K!
Easy to use and good quality .....................
Amazon FireTV is a powerful little box. Worth the extra money over the Firestick. Great interface. Can connect your phone and type input. Alexa capability too.
Goodbye outrageous satellite bills...hello Amazon!
A great way to start cutting the cable cord. Might have to buy another.
This replaced an original fire stick. It works good enough for us to cancel our cable tv. If it's not Amazon Prime, Netflix, Hulu, or the antenna we don't need to see it.
Read the reviews and thought I would give the device a try. Works great. No buffering issues and picture quality is excellent.
its the best way to watch tv and movies it has everything you need
This device works great for streaming TV. I use it with PlayStation Vue, just download the app and you are ready to go. Easy to use and Alexa helps out.
Amazon fire has made a great product with this one!
The Amazon Fire TV is a tiny, premium quality box that connects to any TV with an HDMI cable & provides the most intuitive & powerful interface for Amazon Prime, Netflix, Hulu & many more.LIKES: 1- Small, unobtrusive size 2- User friendly remote 3- Internal memory is 2Gb Flash, 16Gb Storage + Micro SD Card slot that accommodates up to 128Gb external storage! 4- Ethernet or WiFi connected. Ethernet will provide a more robust signal than WiFi, to reduce the buffering so commonly seen on lesser boxes. 5- Very easy to use6- Beautiful on screen interface / graphics7- 4K Ultra HD capable 8- You can download and save apps, movies & music on the optional external storage card 9- Voice Search on the Remote lets you speak a movie, actor, title, etc. & let the search begin!10- Alexa can search your photos & can even look for a specific individual in the photos by name DISLIKES: None! COMPARE to AMAZON FIRE STICK: The Fire Stick is a very inexpensive device that is WiFi only & has 1/2 the Flash & Memory as this Fire TV. It has no provision to add additional memory. The Fire TV connects with Ethernet cable or WiFi. Ethernet provides a much faster & stronger signal, so your movies don't freeze up. With 2X the Flash & Memory of Fire Stick + an external memory slot, the Fire TV makes skipping & frozen movies a thing of the past. CONCLUSION: I recommend a Fire TV for every HDTV you own! It is truly an amazing device & converts your existing TV, whether a Smart TV or not, to a VERY Smart TV!
Was looking for a device that I can load Kodi on. This Fire TV is more than capable of doing what I needed it for!!! So glad that they were sold out of the fire stick when I was looking for it, the extra memory on the Fire TV is coming in handy
The Amazon Fire TV was an excellent purchase. I do not regret canceling cable TV. Streaming Hulu, Showtime, Netflix when I want. You can't beat it.
Works great, I love it, best streaming box I've ever had.
I am able to watch anything I want with the fire stick and it is so easy to use... I love it!
Really really really really really really awesome.
Very good item, very happy with it, will buy again
I loved the Amazon Fire stick but I enjoy the speed and 4k support of this product over the Fire Stick. I have owned and tested AppleTv (1st Gen), Boxee, Roku 4k, Chromecast, Nexus player, and by far the Amazon Fire Tv and stick offer the most and best content; much of which can be used for free. Great layout, easy to use and full of features.
This thing lets you watch practically anything you want to. Well worth the money
Great product, it streams fast and is a good replacement from high cable bill
Great!! Use it everyday. Easy to use and find movies
Highly recommended.Good quality product very good for streaming your favorite shows and movies.
Great product easy to set up and understand. Highly recomended
We enjoy this device because it allows out tv to have smart tv features.
very user friendly. my daughter has no problem navigating around to watch Netflix and Amazon Prime
Perfect for the cord cutter. Very easy setup and user interface. Can add games and most apps for Android based.
Perfect compact and powerful.. The Amazon Fire Tv is an amazing piece of hardware.
These things are great if you don't want to pay high cable bills and have a prime account.
This is by far something great to stream and the programs you can download to it are great. Worth the money if you know what you know what you are using it for.
This is my first streaming video device, and I did a good bit of research before buying. The video quality is excellent and the operator interface is easy to use.
I love the Amazon Fire TV. This is a great device!
Amazon is always producing great products for a affordable price.
Great device! Connects quickly and easy to set up.
This is the best streaming device I have purchased yet. Hooks to Ethernet and is lightning fast!
Quad core processing and the extra RAM makes this device really fast and the GUI makes it easy to use.
I love my Firebox along with Alex I can ask almost anything and Alex will let me know
I wanted to find away to get rid of my extra cable boxes and that was it. It gives me even more than my smart devices.
I would definitely recommend this for everyone. It is awesome.
Easy to install, easy to use. Even the kids can handle it.
I love my fire stick movies , music, even movies that just came out are all free wow this is the best Valentines Gift ever and for all ages to enjoy so get yours today
Much better than the stick. 4K works great and having an Ethernet Jack is greatly appreciated. Snappy menus.
I love my fireTV! We have a firestick in every room and added the firetv box to our new 4k TV. Awesome
Fire tv box is awesome I use it everyday love streaming 4k content. Super smooth streaming, especially comes with Alexa. It's a must have never need a cable box or dvr again. Add an sd card and plenty of room for games all your apps.
After dropping by the local store several times and finding they were out of stock, I found one on the shelf!Great product, easy set-up and works great. KODI installed without any issues.
Like it great apps selection.....,................
It nice and simple clean looks nice.I'm really glad the bestbuy rep suggested
I'm a repeat buyer on this item many times over for all my family members. It is fast and much better then firesticks and we'll worth the difference in price.
seriously.... it's great and you should have one!!
I purchased the Amazon FireTV to access Playstation Vue, thereby reducing my monthly cost of viewing from $130.86 to $35 (other package viewing options available at affordable costs). The FireTV is 4K compatible providing a great picture with my 4K and non-4K TVs, no noticeable lag time with transition between channels or other options, and it can be used for cost effective/free streaming. I now have more very affordable viewing options than I ever had! I love the Amazon FireTV and would definitely recommend it to anyone!
firstly when I installed it. felt not much things to do with fire tv. but I am getting new features everyday by googling. a lots lots lots of features. I am enjoying mirroring feature of the product now.
I love the fire box. All of my shows are easily accessible.
Very nice streaming device. Very smooth and super fast. Very minimal glitches.
From the moment I set up the box I have not had any problems, I restart it from time to time being that it's a small computer so to speak.
Good product. Get rid of one of my extra Comcast boxes so I'm down to one. You can use your Comcast subscription to get live streaming of certain channels. Eventually I will ditch cable completely but this is a good start
Easy to start using and a fun approach to choosing the right program to watch. I am enjoying sharing with friends.
I am so glad I purchased these. We can get all of our favorite movies!!!!
Fire TV works even better than the Fire Stick. Very fast, smooth with little to no buffering.
Fire tv is fast and easy to use. It is easy to navigate.
I am happy I decided to go with buying the Firebox I'd first decided to buy a fire stick until I had read more about Firebox and all the other operations it has functionality it has compared to the fire stick it was a no-brainer.
I love this product, is excellent for my 4K video streaming. Really easy to use and a great price.
Perfect for somebody who doesn't want to pay for cable or turn their tv into a smart tv
Overall, very easy to install. I use stick on velcro to attach to back of TV to keep out of sight. Many apps available very clear picture and sound easily connected with one HDMI.
With the outdoor antenna and Fire stick - we were able to get rid of our Direct TV.
Bought this to get rid of cable tv. Works great ! Very easy to set up and was able to get this working in no time.
Enjoy how easy it is to set up and use. Since I enjoy old movies, this unit is good for A movie lover like me.
Processing is fast and such a wonderful picture... All my apps right there I love it!
Fast shipping and great product Would recommend to friends
Great way to get awesome content without having cable. HIGHLY recommended but not for beginners UNLESS you are good with YouTube.
I recently replaced a Xiaomi Mi Box, with this Fire TV box, and its been nothing short of excellent content availability and flawless performance, it just works great, should have bought this in the first place, instead of cheaping out with the Mi Box.
The product is as advertised. I have good internet and it works great. Was able to "cut the cord" and save a good bit of money.
I have owned the apple TV 1,2 gen; Amazon fire stick, direct computer to tv hookup via hdmi cable, roku and none compare to the performance and GUI of this product.
This little device is impressive. Easy to install and simple to navigate. I own both the Fire TV and the Fire Stick. The Fire TV is slightly quicker at responding to input, but not so much that it's a deal breaker. The Stick is great for taking with you on the road. Both devices are a great value. No complaints whatsoever.
I own a firestick, so I decided to invest in a Amazon Fire TV box. It streams my movies really well and the picture quality is great. I really love my Fire TV box and I am recommending the Fire TV box to my family and friends. I do not regret this purchase.
Wanted to cut the cable cord and heard from friends about fire tv. Gave it a go and so glad I did. We love the programming and we pay for the shows we want instead of overpaying for cable. Would highly recommend fire tv
First off this is cheaper than the Apple TV and it's better 10 fold and also it's able to play 4K format if you have a 4K tv it's got a sd card slot and you can plug a PS4 control through the USB it also has and use the PS4 remote to control the device and play the amazon games 2 it's awesome period buy it!!!!!!
This is the best purchase. It has everything and 4k is amazing
The Fire TV was easy to set-up and we have had no problems. I do suggest unplugging when not in use as the box does heat up...just to be safe.
The fire stick makes getting movies at home a breeze. Most movies can be seen in HD format from your living room.
This unit with amazon prime is a blast! Use it to have fun dance parties...
I'm really impressed by the amount of expansion you can put in with a micro SD card for extra storage .
Bottom Line: You can stream TV from anywhere. This allows you to bring HD Television Home. Become an Amazon Prime member, its worth it. Prime allows Movies, Music and Shows into your handheld device and home. Never miss your favorite programs.
The amazon fire tv is awesome. You can find any tv show or any movie you want from any year old or new.
Best thing that I purchased in a while. I love it.
The Amazon Fire TV is definitely one of the top media streamers on the market today. It allows for 4K playback which only a few other devices can do, ethernet port to get the most reliable streaming speed, and an expandable external storage port so you will have plenty of room for all of your apps. If you are will to pay a little extra for this it is definitely going to be worth it in the end
So far so good,no problems and would recommend to everyone. Has crisp clear pictures and easy to navigate around without help or instruction manual.
I'm very excited to say I love my fire stick. I've waited for this a long time. My neighbors say they are so happy
I like the product work vey well and I am very happy with it.
Did everything I wanted. Definitely need a good Internet connection
The fire tv system was very easy to set up and use. We love the voice function.
Really super nice way to watch TV...I am a Amazon Prime member so I don't know how great it would be without Prime but with it it's the best way to watch TV...PERIOD!
Good product easy to use just to pricey but worth it.
Everything on fire stick is awesome and I love it.
Best thing since sliced bread. I'd give 10 stars if I could.
This a 4k amazon fire for 4k TVs. The image is just fantastic!
Love this device! Processor is fast enough to stream Netflix & Hulu without buffering but also has enough memory for the kids to download games and pandora and their apps that the love. Pay the extra $$$ and get a quality streaming device.
So far this has been a great product for us. We've been able to cancel our uverse and still watch al of our favorite shows.
The stick offers one of the best options if your trying to ween off the cable providers. Great offers
These things are the perfect box for streaming shows, with a voice activating remote.
A little nervous about buying this product online since I always buy in store products, but this was the best service I could ask for. I was able to follow my order at anytime . The order was received quickly and without any hassles.
I have an amazon account and with the fire tv I am able to watch everything
I have a smart tv but the speed with which the apps work leaves a lot to be desired. I bought the Amazon Fire tv because having Amazon prime allows me to watch tons of shows and movies for free and the selection of available apps is great. The only drawback I noticed is that Vudu cannot be installed but I do have that on my smart tv so it's not a big issue. The remote of the Fire tv works via bluetooth so the box can be hidden away and out of sight which is great. Overall, a very solid streaming box.
The Amazon fire TV is perfect for those looking to cut the cord. It can connect through wifi or through an ethernet cable, which works awesome and I don't get buffering. Plus 4k streaming, better processor and more memory is an upgrade compared to the Fire Stick. I ended up cancelling my DirectTV a while ago and haven't looked back. Compared to what I was paying with satellite subscription, this is very cheap. I already have Amazon Prime, so I get their streaming service and also have Netflix and Hulu. This is perfect for my family and my needs .
Purchased this Fire TV box mainly to watch PlayStation Vue and it works perfectly with the service. Amazon Prime works great too as expected. No buffering or lag while streaming. Highly recommended.
I cut the cable and my bill with ooma for phone is 84$ a month for triple play
I love this product it is well worth the money that I paid for it.
great response time, image quality is fantastic, easy to navigate
This is my second fire tv. It is a solid device with user friendly interface and remote. I would recommend over Roku and AppleTV.
Sweet product by Amazon, as usual. It's legit, most definitely
Must have device..... having movies in 4K is great
I had an Amazon Fire Stick for the house before I bought the Fire TV. I wanted to get rid of cable and just stream. The Fire TV is fast and you barely see any buffer or lag. I had it for about 2 hours and loved it and decided to canceled my cable subscription. Totally worth it with this on my tv now.
It is good. I liked it. It is the best the very best how how I love it.
this is a great item, I used it to replace my tv. A+
This is a great streamer at a great price. I really enjoy using it.
Love this bought it in addition to Apple TV it's an overall great product
I've had a Roku and Apple TV, and also used an XBox One to access services such as Netflix. The Amazon Fire is the best I've used so far. Simple, clean, attractive interface. Very responsive. Since I'm an Amazon Prime member it made sense to look at this when it was time to upgrade. Love it.
Not much can be added to the already substantial positive reviews. I bought both the Fire TV and Fire Stick so I'll comment on that. The Fire TV is much quicker and love the ability to run Ethernet and USB right to the unit. The Fire stick is great for our bedroom but this Fire TV is best for main TV viewing.
I fabulous way to incorporate smart tv technology into a well performing pre smart tv. Great functions and great sound. Blows away Apple TV!!
Purchased the Amazon Fire Box to enjoy movies. I really love the device. I am looking forward to purchasing another.
I can watch a ton of shows now with this. Well worth the money
This is by far one of the best investments ever. I got rid of my TV service.
Once you get a stable and reliable internet you're good to go !
This is a great movie box. Subscribe to Amazon and you'll have access to tons of content. Games are cool addition also.
This device is great for watching tv shows, movies, or sports without having to be locked in a subscription.
This TV is on another level from the firestick or chromecast. Speeds are amazing and can handle anything we try to stream. Great Purchase!
It was a awesome gift to give to someone special to enjoy
Unbelievable quality for a great price. Easy to set up and awesome customer support.
This box provides a wonderful image on my 4K Samsung TV. The program content is extraordinary. You can install whatever apps your heart desires and see virtually the world.
I love this thing it does everything you can even play games on it
I absolutely love my new Fire TV!! I am an Amazon Prime member and having the capability to whats all of my Amazon products and having the capability of using Netflix and other streaming apps at my fingertips is amazing!! Highly recommend this!!!
I can move my fireTV from set to set and room to room with no problems. It works great for my needs.
This has been one of the best "set-top box" replacement experiences ever. I love that it combines all available online video contents in one. Great interface and very stable too!
I bought this for my son for his room since he didn't want to spend the extra money for a cable box...he really likes this and is getting a lot of use out of it.
Works well and easily portable. Worth the money...
I have no idea why I did not buy this any sooner! Works awesome!
Absolutely love the fire Tv. I first purchased the fire stick which does just what it should but the fire Tv is awesome. Faster bigger.
FireTV is intuitive and fast. We had both a FireTV and a Fire Stick. We returned the Fire Stick because it seemed to lag a lot. Both FireTV units work well. It allows us to use PlayStation Vue as our primary live TV. A combination of PS Vue and free over the air TV (OTA with indoor antenna) allowed us to cut the cable. We did upgrade our internet as Centurylink offered a free upgrade to 40 mbps. This eliminated buffering on programs when multiple units were in use. We are very happy with the quality of picture and the channels. We will save a lot of money over time and the TV experience is great. We also like the free On Demand programming. Very pleased with this product.
The Amazon Fire tv is awesome. Anything and everything you could imagine at your fingertips to watch. If you are on the fence about the purchase , I highly recommend this to anyone. It's a great item.
Bought to play my PlayStation Vue tv, love the Alexus feature overall a great thing for steaming.
The Fire TV box has USB that allows PS4 controller to be connected for games and emulators. Also option to add SD card storage as well as USB. No brainer and recommended!
Highly recommend buying this product. We were purchasing cable through our cable co. and paying nearly $200 for a bundled plan. And we hardly have time to even watch live television! But with this device we are able to catch up on programs, series, news and our favorite movies at our leisure and pause and pick up whenever we want. And after searching other sites and stores we found that Best Buy has the best price overall. And super great customer service as well.
great product for entertainment and having all your accounts in one
I love the Amazon Fire TV. It is easy to use and setup. I use this almost everyday. Trying to cut the cord, this makes it easy to do.
some channels don't come in as clear as others but most are pretty good
One of the best streaming services out there amazon fire tv is a great product.
I heard so much about fire TV and went out and bought it at the local Best Buy store and i must say that I'm very happy with my new fire TV the movie selection is great, now i can watch what i want when i want.
I love it everything is in one place. I do recommend buying this you will not be upset
Great product, great service and best item I have purchased in years.
love the fire tv . best buy shipping is great very fast ship.
I bought one Fire TV just to test out "cutting the cable" and start streaming TV. I was so impressed with Amazon's Fire TV that I bought a second one for the bedroom. Small, easy to setup, full featured and fast.
Works well. No problems with this item. Easy to set up.
Easy to program and works perfect. I loved it so much, I bought one for my daughter.
The best thing I bought . I kicked My cable provider out and got this. It was he ebay thing I did
Easy to set up and easy to use. The description is exactly what you get. I love this product for all its content.
Wanted too try something different instead of apple, this purchase is amazing, some shows are down loaded in Full 4 k amazing picture. Great purchase
Fire Tv is the best stream box in the market, it's really easy to setup and if you are a prime member you'll love it
Great response and quick navigation on this device make it a pleasure to use. Software updates frequently keeping your device up to date. Fire tv is extremely user friendly with a nice layout.
Though I was leary of paying that much for a streaming device, it is well worth the price.
Streaming quality is great and nicely organizes media from Netflix, Hulu etc
Excellent device to have if you travel a lot. Hooks right up to the hotel TV and gives you access to all of the great content you have at home. Works great!
I heard about it from a friend. It's awesome. Saves you a lot of $$$$$
After reading various reviews for different streaming devices I went with the Amazon Fire box. Once I purchased the fire, I want on line and went through a number of you tubes to find the easiest downloads. This device works great. I am enjoying many different programs that my cable does not have.
Must have if you have Amazon Prime. Easy to set up and easy to use.
Used the product almost everyday and love the product
Great product to enhance tvs that are quite as smart as we would like
This thing is pretty awesome. Thank you for the fast shipping
Used several TV box before, and amazon fire TV's major pros is the root privilege to install app. So far so good. Quickly delivery!
I love it .......................................
Excellent for streaming entertainment. Easy set up, works great. Compact, sits under TV and blends in.
After reading scores of reviews on multiple types of units, this Amazon Fire TV was the choice for me. VERY happy with my purchase!
Easy to use. Many options and apps to download. Kodi compatible
The best tv box !! Fast and hard. I love amazon thanks
Great product like just as much as the fire stick great
This device is awesome! Even better when it's in TurboMode!! Really love the hologram feature...makes everything so life like. Highly recommend purchasing this! Get It!!
I love this product. I get to see a bunch of movies, and tv shows.
We already saved money purchasing this and getting rid of direct tv monthly charges
Works as expected, simple setup and works perfect!
It is hard to beat this box. It is fast, has hardware acceleration for H264 and H265 (up to 4k) video, so it doesn't stutter, even with the highest quality videos. Android based OS easily sideloads apps like Kodi (SPMC) and Firefox browser. The remote is comfortable to use and is actually much easier to use than the current Apple TV (4th gen) remote. Having a microSDHC slot makes up for the dismal 8GB of internal storage. USB slot makes use of a standard wireless keyboard easy. I wish the homepage was more organized/customizeable like the AppleTV, but the apps and hardware itself is every bit as good IMO.
Switched from AppleTV to Fire TV and absolutely love it. Speedy, lots of capabilities due to Android OS.
The best streamer for the money and for beginners. I love my Amazon box.
Best product in the market! I love it and recommended to everyone!
This works well for those that like movies! I personally appreciate the ease of use.
So easy to move from room to room. We also take it on trips with us. Plug into any HDMI use the hotel internet and boom. All set.
Works well love the 4k a must for anyone who owns a 4K TV east to hookup and use
i have bought both the fire stick and the fire tv. This product is by far the best streaming device available on the market. i would buy more but i dont have anymore tv's.
Simple to set up, worth the expense, fully compatible and works fairly well with xfinity comcast.
a great item to be able to stream tv/sports/movies without needing to pay a cable company for their services.
I love my amazon fire tv I take it with me everywhere I travel.
Works very good with all my streaming apps and some gaming apps
This is a good product and streams very well for all of our favorite online services!
This little box packs quite a powerful punch, stream all your movies and shows, especially great with prime membership. .
Enjoying this Streaming Device. I can watch my favorite Movies and Shows on 4K UHD Quality
I have the firestick but once purchasing this firetv, the firestick is now in a spare room and the firetv is my main device downstairs. It's very quick with minimal lagging. If you have a decent IP you will be very satisfied with this product!
It's great only issue is wish the o.s was more open and you could delete more of the things you dont want
Don't hesitate to purchase. Works great. My son has the Fire Stick which works great, but this Fire TV is so much faster and more responsive. Love it.
Love this box it's fast, great picture and great with blue tooth pairing.
Recommend anyone wanting to watch a wide variety of things from movies, TV shows or sports to get one.
This is a Very nice option to get to my favorite content. I used audio receiver for simple connection to TV and additional audio options. The push button voice interface works as well as my Echo. As a Prime member content is plentiful and broad enough for my entertainment.
I love the easy access to all of the apps especially the Netflix app.
Best box for all Apps. Has lots of options! Very fast
I love my amazon fire stick. It goes great with my tv!
I love this item and it's easy to use. I bought 2 of this already. Great gift also for your love ones.
I really love the fire TV. I use it all of the time. If I'm not using it my kids are using it. Great for all ages!
Purchased to use in conjunction with PlayStation VUE. Fire TV offers the guide menu and is recommended by many. So far very Pleased!
Worth the extra bucks to buy the TV over stick and plug in your Ethernet cable.
This thing is better then the built in apps of my Samsung 4k tv. Its fast and awesome.
I bought it for my bedroom, it's great, I use it all the time
Fire TV,is just what it says.I found that this streaming player eliminated any buffering issues I had.I also enjoyed the voice activation feature,and it's accuracy in recognition.Save yourself some time, and just buy it now.
This is an ideal unit to use when cutting the cable from your provider. Very easy to install and there are great YouTube videos to get even more out of the unit.
This is a great device for streaming content to your TV. If you have an Amazon Prime account, definitely a must buy. Worth the extra money over the Fire Stick.
The fire tv was easy to set-up. Neflx, amazon tv, sling, and hulu work great.
Works great. We own two of them and love to watch our shows when/where we want.
so easy to set up. great App selection. should have purchased this sooner.
Dropped FIOS TV, and Amazon Fire TV + HDTV Antenna was an easy replacement.
great product for home use and set up.............................
Easy to set up, easy to use, works very well with Alexa. Good content, prime membership helps.
I bought the Amazon's Fire Box and it is worth every dime. I love this box, I can watch all my movies and tv series on this box. It also has the voice search and it has 4K Ultra HD which shows a great pic. Best item you can buy. You will love it!.
Had the Fire stick before, which is very good but this is great. Much faster. Able to plug ethernet cables in and not rely on wireless. My buy another!
I would recommend this item who likes watching current TV and Movies and also the archived shows & movies
I bought this unit since it is compatible with 4K tvs and it is great.
AwesomeUr able to download kodi abd watch anything whever
best media player under 100$amazon is the best!!!
work great sounds good work fast Good 4k tv you can add more thing
Addons loaded very fast and was very impressed with the processor speed. Would buy again.
Fire TV is a better option than the stick if you are either needing a wired Ethernet connection ( that's the fastest) or installing third party software like Kodi. The extra memory makes the menus much faster than the stick. It's an awesome product.
I have a couple of these along with a couple of firesticks. Works good with the Kodi App
Such a great product. Don't pay for cable anymore, that's a waste! I love this thing.
Have used this device for about 30 days with absolutely no complaints. I was only considering a couple of different units because I mostly use it with Playstation Vue, but we also watch Netflix and Hulu! Alexa is a really nice feature. Completely satisfied!
Got this for Playstation Vue and realized we love it for all our other TV services too. So easy to search for shows - Alexa finds the shows and gives you all options on how to watch (Netflix, Hulu, HBO GO, Prime, etc.).We use on wifi connection and never have any issues. Super fast and clear for all programs including channels on Playstation Vue.
In my experience the Amazon firestick is by far the best streaming device currently available.
This is one of the best on the market great to watch
Super fast and easy to use. Great device, able to do much more than before.
I bought this for a gift for my nephew and he loved it!!!
great item works real good. awesome awesome awesome
This is how to watch TV via streaming using the FIRE TV that's also 4K compatible! LOVE IT-
easy to use, has alot if features to entertain urself and ur family
Have had nothing but an amazing experience with it
the sound and pictures are great and easy to download apps.
Box works great for cutting the cord for cable, specs are great .
I've had the first gen firestick for a while and this is a definite upgrade. Smooth user interface and lightning fast response time. Tons of apps to choose from as well
The Amazon Fire TV system was very easy to set up. I was actually surprised at how little the box was, and just how awesome the apps and downloadable games were that you can be use on the Amazon Fire TV. I ordered all my Amazon Fire TV apps online at Amazon and Google Play Store. I am an Amazon Prime and Google Play Store member. I bought this for one reason, and that's Kodi, it's an awesome app for Amazon Fire TV and Fire Stick, and for the sd card reader on Amazon Fire TV it's easy to install and get up and running. The Fire TV doesn't have any issues that I can't fix, and the controls and action and responsiveness to the remote are very smooth. Also the voice control works wonderfully. Highly recommend this product to anyone who wants to cut the cable.
I had a fire stick and decided to upgrade this so I can connect my internet straight to it and get higher speeds. It runs fast less buggy and I plan on buying another for upstairs bedroom.
I love these Amazon products! I have so many Amazon products at home I refer everyone gets one
I love the new fire tv it works great with all my subscriptions
This product is great and easy to use. It's an all in one entertainment product .
if you have a fire stick and use it everyday, I recommend upgrading. Actually being connected to my modem is so much faster than using the wifi signal. Less buffering with faster loads. No complaints.
Loved the storage space and how fast it stream when watching movies. I haven't had a problem with and of the one I brought. good quality.
After having to return the stick, the Fire TV works perfectly highly recommended.
Live where there isn't good cable provider or even satellite provider, Directv here on the coast of Puerto Rico is spotty at best, forget about it when it rains, which is daily in some seasons, the firetv works great with the 4G wireless hotspot I use.
Firebox is awesome! Would recommend to everyone. Great option.
Most definitely worth the money. I bought the fire tv box after owning a firestick and it is a great device especially if you are an amazon prime member. Twice the speed of the firestick with availability to add external hard drives and memory cards. Bluetooth enables you to add keyboards and game controllers if you wish. Also has an ethernet port so you don't have to use WiFi. I absolutely love it and if I had the choice I would buy a fire tv box rather than a firestick.
It is simple and easy to use. Easy set up. I have a Firestick and Fire TV and this has a nicer interface.
I have had a couple of firesticks and they just don't work as good as the fire tv's. I now have 2 fire tv's. One is hard wired and one runs on wifi. I don't have any issues with them at all.
The Amazon TV is great for non Smart TVs. I bought this to be able to replace an old Google Chromecast. This gave me an option to hard wire into my network and utilize it like I did with my old Google Chromecast
This is an awesome purchase. You can watch a lot of shows
I bought this fire tv for our second tv in the house. We got one previously for the family room. I love my fire tv. It gives me so many options to watch. We cut our cable tv out February 1st and haven't missed it at all
I love this device. I won't have to worry about cable anymore.
Easy to use. Kid friendly. Plenty to watch. Great price.
Amazing product and alternative for cable. The fire TV has a lot of add ons so you can watch your favorite shows through this little box! Loved it!
Works smooth as butter. Better than chrome cast. All
Great for getting movies without adding extras to your cable bil. Very small device.
Excellent product just what I was looking for. works great.
Received item on time. It works great!!! Love the Fire TV!!! I think it works better than the stick, as far as connection and speed are concerned.
Does a great job allowing me to watch shows i want to watch
One of the best streaming devices I have used. A++
If you're a fan of any form of electronic entertainment you're going to love this device
I have recommended this product to everyone I've talked to. It's easy to navigate and and allows me to mange my TV time.
this worked real well. very satified.i was able to download other apps too
It works perfect with all the android apps, fast and never freezes or anything. No problems at all.
Very happy with the Fire TV works great with all my streaming apps Netflix, Hulu and Amazon's own video app... Best of all works great with PlayStation Vue just works flawless from the interface to many different options it offers... All around a great device from being reliable, quick boot-up, to no lagging and no buffering... Totally recommend especially for Amazon Prime members...
Works great, easy hook up. .competitive price. very satisfied.
Amazon fire tv is great product. Wish the voice command option was more user friendly.
Great to use to make your old TV an smart TV. Enjoy Netflix and all amazon has to offer!!!
It's really fast and has all of the apps that I need
Bought this after dropping cable. The Vue is the only subscription (about $35 month) that offered NFL NETWORK, SEC, and ESPN with DVR like capabilities...PlayStation offers a cloud service included. Minor issues with the app. So far it is definitely worth it. I suggest researching which channels PlayStation Vue offers to compare with what you currently watch. You do need a smart tv and high speed internet with a great connection.
I was tired of the insane cable bills, so I bought the fire tv.........goodbye cable, fire tv meets all my needs
Love fireTVs and Firesticks. They always work well.
The fire tv is great for streaming videos from various services. The amount of content available, allowed me to cancel my cable subscription.
I already had one of these in my living room where we watch TV most of the time and bought a second one for my theater room....I Love it!
Excellent amazon fire stick. Set up was a snap. It is great that you can speak into the mic to search for a title of a movie or show, rather than typing it.
Great features. Very smooth operating system. Better than Apple TV in my opinion
Solid piece of equipment, very reliable and streams great, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
This is truly a great product. I would recommend it everybody.
Trying Apple TV for the first time. I love it! Can't wait to try out all the apps.
Great option for my office to make use of my Amazon Prime membership. Better if it had a browser but the voice option Alexa is wonderful. Search app option is welcomed. I may add the game controller soon.
I absolutely love the amazon fire tv! I have a 4K ultra HD television as well as Amazon Prime and the picture quality comes in super clear. It's just amazing! I have the firestick as well but the fire tv has better picture quality, especially if you have a 4K tv!
Amazing. Works well. Everything runs quick and smooth and good price.
Great every one should have one or two or three will buy another one if was now shopping very easy to use and set up with Alexa helping you thru voice called customer service 10
It's fantastic! All my photo albums, movie purchases, Amazon prime movies in one place.
The Amazon - Fire TV with Alexa Voice Remote is a great product. The setup is easy. I do advise you to set up an Amazon account prior to make the setup easy. I am an Amazon Prime Member, but it's not necessary to use the fireTV. I also purchased the fireTV stick for a 2nd bedroom. I will tell you though, the FireTV is worth the extra money. Not only is the FireTV still small, but it has 4k definition and you can use Ethernet and Wi-Fi. The biggest difference between this and the Fire Stick is that fireTv has expandable memory, excellent to add photos, apps, movies etc. The app store on the device also has games you can play on the fire tv and for an extra $40 you can get a remote that looks like an xbox controller.
This is a wonderful way to cut the cable cord! We have Amazon Prime, so our Viewing membership is paid, and there are so many TV show series/movies to watch, especially with Kodi loaded on the unit. We rounded it out with an inexpensive Sling membership, which gives us the live TV we need for current news and network shows. We are saving so much on our cable bill and couldn't be happier with our viewing experience!
Small yet powerful; HDMI connection, 4K capable. Amazon content plus Android framework. Nearly perfect!
I love my Amazon tv box! I love that I can plug an Ethernet cable directly into it. I love that my movies don't buffer. And I love Alexa, she does so much.
Fast and responsive. Well worth the price for the convenience.
Love it.. Would highly recommend. I use it everyday.
This item is awesome for streaming movies or sports
Best divine for streaming movies and tv show. The wifi and processor are fast.
I purchased a fire stick months ago. I like the product but wanted something more. The Fire TV is the way to go. The extra money for the fire tv is well worth it.
I am happy with this streaming device. Easy to access and provide all the app that I am looking for.
I have an Apple TV and was skeptical at first to buy the AFTV. However, I am so happy to have switched to the AFTV. So much freedom, yes!
Works great for Vue, and other apps if you don't have a smart TV. Better quality on Vue than my PS4
We have 2 fire sticks and 1 fire TV. This is a great into. Love the voice search remote. NEED TO BE ABLE TO ACCESS APPLE ITUNES.You will not be able to stream Vudu and Apple on this device. Recommended. We are Amazon Prime which I also highly recommend to maximize value for this product.
I heard nothing but good things about the fire tv. Although I had to ask around to see if someone could hook it up because it didn't come with instructions but overall I'm extremely happy.
great device. easy to use. smooth. snappy & full of content.
I have both Apple TV and amazon fire tv. Love the 4k display and features that amazon fire tv has. The alexa feature is great as well!
Great system gives great Television alternatives for people of all kinds
We can watch movies and tv shows in 4K, great picture quality.
Great system, one of the best android box out there.
I got this over the Roku Ultra which is 4K compatible, Roku was garbage. The amazon fire tv is a must if you have a Amazon account. Its a great streamer, I have no buffering problems.
Works awesome...especially the 4K content. This was an upgrade from an original fire tv box, and works better than the old one.
If you are up in the air between the two (fire stick and fire TV) go with the TV due to the speed alone.. The memory is also nice but you will have a more enjoyable experience with the fire TV. I have them both in my house but prefer the Fire TV...
I absolutely love my Amazon box. It's user friendly and affordable. I already have recommended this item to several people.
Highly recommend this box best box I have ever had
This fire tv is an excellent streaming device. One of the best things about it is it is able to stream 4K big upgrade over the fire stick if you have a 4K tv. Also the micro sd card slot is nice to have. It is also very compact. The one thing you will need to pick up is an HDMI cable it doesn't come with one.
The Fire TV was purchased for our living room and we primarily use it for watching Playstation Vue and Netflix. We already had a Fire Stick for my daughter's bedroom which we have found to be painfully slow. The Fire TV is a completely different experience - great performance and completely worth the extra money over the Fire Stick.
I decided to cut the cable and bought Amazon fire tv. That along with a high definition antenna is all I need. So easy to set up and use. Tons of apps to choose from and I love Alexi. I simply tell her what show I want, she searches through all the apps and shows me where it is. How simple is that? Love it.
This is by far the best media box on the market. Easy to setup and extremely easy to use. If you are a Kodi user this by far the best box for it. A+++
Highly recommended, easy to use and excellent quality
Spend the extra money on this vs just a fire stick
I had the opportunity to cut my cable, am having a wonderful experience
Great for family nights when you want entertain, and great for kids.
This awesome little device is perfect for everyone. It has an expandable storage which allows you to add personal photos and videos to the Amazon Fire TV box. It's perfect for traveling especially when staying in hotels as you can watch subscribed programming anywhere. I recommend this product to everyone.
Fast response time from unit. Works great. Easy to use. Enjoy watching the device.
This device is very responsive and couples very well with an Amazon Membership.
They came out strong with there best foot forward. Love it and use it daily
It's great. I use it every day. Love the voice commands.
I bought it for it's practicality but loved it for its versatility.
Super fast compared to the stick. This gets used all the time and saved me money.
This was my first time being introduced to the Fire Stick TV and it is awesome with all its features and ability to add multiple applications. 2 thumbs Up!!
I love it it is just awesome all the things you can do
And kodi loads fine. No issues. Had to upgrade Netflix to 4k
Wow - now it comes with the Alexa functions - how do they fit so much into such a small device! - Awesome technology.
This is probably the most used device in our home besides our phones. We use our fire tv daily, whether we are listening to music. Catching up on our favorite shows, or even watching a movie. I love the voice activated feature, it's nice to check the weather, movies playing at the local theatre, or look up you favorite artists.
I'm so happy I can stream movies from my amazon prime account
I am so happy I bought this I have firestick also and love to stream Netflix works amazing and much faster than firestick
I use this with Kodi, HBO go, directv now, Hulu, prime, and Netflix. Everything runs smooth. I like having the USB port, because I have a controller, wireless keyboard and flash drive that I connect when needed. Can't ask for better.
great piece of technology. wish I would have found this sooner.
Works well would buy it again. Dose everything they say it will.
I just bought it like a couple of weeks ago and I'm already telling my fMily to get it. Love it. It works perfectly
Works great, have used both with wireless and hard wired, works well both ways. Have bought multiple Fire TV boxes, and had one that the wireless did not work so well, so ended up hard wiring that one and everything was good to go, would have been a bigger problem if access was not so close.
Love, love, love it! Very easy to set up. Was able to get rid of my cable bill after getting this. It's great!
I got this after discontinuing with direct tv. fast internet and playstation vue is half the price and ill i need. box is like an all in one entertainment, easier to watch netflix and hulu on here as well
We love the Fire TV! We dropped cable and are using the Fire Tv with several great apps.
This is my second fireTV that I purchased. It is very user friendly with plenty of apps. I use about 4 on a regular basis and the streaming is fantastic. With the extra ram, little to no buffering.Highly Recommended
Buy this and load some software and you're set... Watch anything from sports to movies to tv shows...It's great!!!
This was simple to install and allows me to stream all of my favorite programs.
It's the one I was expected. Everything went great this time. Thank you best buy.
Easy to use and very fast. Like the fact that you can expand the memory through a mini sd card.
Great for family time. HD is awesome. Great product
The Fire TV is so simple to operate. My family and I have really enjoyed it. I recommend you buy it.
We love our Amazon Fire TV. It is fast and runs Netflix with no lag or stops. Super happy with it in all aspects.
This is my second Amazon Fire TV. This is the newest version and the picture is quite a bit better thatn the first one. Viewing Playstation Vue it works flawlessly at 60 fps. So simple to hook up and use. Amazon had all my apps loaded as soon as I logged in. Love this product!
I'm very happy with my purchase.It arrived on time. Amazing performance.
I have the Firestick and wanted something for another TV. Went with the Fire TV. This was worth the extra money. Just works so much better. Faster and less buffering.
The best thing ever. Getting rid of cable was due to this.
Pretty easy to figure out. Lots of different options. So many cool apps!
Worked as good as I was hoping. Easy to use and uploads fast
The amazon fire tv stick is awesome. Watch all your streaming videos with no problems.
This is an incredible product that works like a dream. You will want to add this to your TV Entertainment. It's well worth the money.
This is very easy to use. Opened up so many show possibilities.
These work awesome. Products shipped on time. I would order again.
Incredibly fast and very affordable. I recommend it to others.
i love it works great! i bought my son one to he loves it i would recommend IT TO ANYONE!
It was an online purchase. I have so far enjoyed my experience and my product.
This is one of the greatest things I've ever bought
Good price and like always great servise and waranty
Good product. It is easy to use and it organized item very good.
So happy we made the decision to cut the cord and move to Amazon TV!
Great interface, 4K and below output. It is well worth the money! Has a multitude of well made apps, and is a well designed unit. Easily upgrade able via a micro SD card!
Great product, easy to use and able to get many shows and movies
This is a great way to get rid of that monthly cable bill!
First I wanna say that the Amazon Fire Series is the best in media streaming devices out now. I purchased this do to the fact that i had a best buy rewards coupon since i racked up a lot of points from previous purchases. I was curious to see if this worked just like the fire stick. I am here to say it does and better. I wanted to try out my ethernet connection (RJ45) cable and see if it would lag or buffer. So far it has not. You can install kodi tv on this just like the fire stick. I just installed kodi version 17.1 and i must say it works faster and the movies are more clearer as well. I run it through my home audio receiver with an hdmi passthough which is more efficient for most of the smart tvs on the market today. The audio is way better i had to go to the settings on kodi and change from a 2.0 channel to 5.1 channel. It also has a sd card slot & usb drive as well don't know if i will ever need that.If you are an amazon prime member is also a good advantage as well because you can also stream any amazon prime video for free. Good job Amazon!!
One of the best streaming devices out and at a affordable price
This is a great product and use and connectivity are simple. Works well with my internet and TV....gives my smart TV an IQ boost..
4k capable .....memory expandable...faster than firestick....perfect...
Easy to work and downloads fast. Very good quality.
Make sure that you get it soon. They sell out fast!
It's a great alternative to cable and satellite tv...
Why pay additional monthly tv sevices from cable company where i can watch movies and tv channels from internet using fire tv.
I have stopped using my cable box 100%. We watch only a small amount of tv and this does it for us.
Easy to use and works great. Able to watch all the things I love.
One of the best purchases I could have made. I don't even have cable at home now because of this
My 4k tv has an android Amazon app., but it does not include all the features that the box has. The up-scaling of 1080p to 4k is incredible!
Love it and would probably be just okay using the Fire Stick. Don't need all of the extra storage space and the capability of 4K res (Only beneficial if you have a 4K TV).
Depending on what your using it for this is the best bang for your buck for online TV!
This item is great! It is better than the android boxes online.
Best product ever!!!!! I would buy another and another lol it's great for everything music movies etc
Works amazingly! Very fast, high quality. I've already recommended to many family and friends.
Fast, Reliable, easy to use. Best qUAD Core Processor
These are wonderful items. Easy to use and work. Fast service and saves on my cable bill.
So happy with this amazon fire tv it's at every tv in this house and those satellite bills in the trash!
This has increased my movie watching. It works so well I purchased a second one.
Amazon fire t.v. is a great media system. Great alternative to the outrageous price of cable t.v.
This is an excellent device for streaming video. The only downfall, it's only wireless so you need a good wireless connection. Other than that, it's totally awesome. I would buy again.
This is a great purchase. It is easy to use. I will definitely recommend it to other people.
I use this in bedroom. I have the fire stick also. The fire stick didn't work as well in bedroom but this fire tv is great. I like the voice controlled feature as well. Easy to use and set up.
It is easy to operate and happy with Amazon Fire. I wasn't sure how it was going to work but very satisfied of my purchased.
I had a fire stick that I was having issues with connectivity. I didn't really want to spend the extra money but I'm so glad I did this thing is fast and the remote works like a champ
I love it! Much better quality than previous version! No lagging at all!!!!
Gives me access to all the streaming apps I use and easy to move from room to room
I am able to stream movies without any buffering issues and the voice command makes searching for shows very easy.
So I decided to pull the trigger into buying the FireTV, I've use the first version and liked it ok, I've also use the FireStick and don't think it's fast enough. You can get a lot of apps with this box and find it a bit faster than the first version. Pretty good buy in my opinion.
I recently cut the cord to my cable and use the Fire TV as my streaming box for PlayStation Vue it works great easy set up, I just wish it had HDR
Bought to get rid of uverse and installed Playstation Vue. Works great
This is a great product for my home entratainment !!
This is my second Fire TV box, and it's a great upgrade from the first gen model I had. The buffer time is lightning quick, faster than my Roku. The 4K works well, and the Amazon ecosystem is actually more complete than what the Apple TV offers. Very happy with this purchase.
easy to use and navigate. controller is not complicated.
This toy is easy to setup and the 4k feature compliments my 4k tv. The dedicated amazon fire tv works better than amazon in my smart tv.
I can now watch all my favorite shows with Hulu and Netflix as well as all movies available with my Amazone Prime membership....
Very power full box, great for streaming 4K look beautiful.
I love it , great hd movies and to install programs to watch online.
Definitely the best amazon streaming device!5 stars
amazing deal, quick and fast menus, and 4k! cant be beat
Oh my, I can't say enough for things about this device. I've been a loyal firestick user for one a year now, I've switched to the box back in may and it was well worth the extra 50 bucks. 80 times faster, live TV works incredibly.
I love this device. I have an Amazon prime membership, Netflix and SlingTV and this allows me to utilize all three easily.
This is my second Fire TV and the setup is as easy as the first. Very simple to use and the benefits pay for itself. Worth it.
If you don't want to pay the extra for the smart tv, add a Amazon Fire Tv, to your tv and you will have a Smart tv. Great for the price.
Dear readers, if you have a 4K tv and want to purchase a device that can provide prodigious streaming entertainment quality then purchase this device now!!! It also has double the cpu speed (quad-cord) and GPU performance than the cheaper Amazon Fire Tv Stick model. However, if you don't have a 4K tv, then I advise you do not get this device, because you won't be getting your whole money's worth.
All the best that the last Fire Tv was but now it's 4K ready and you have Alexa to help guide and open apps. My mom loved her gift.
Can't be beatPrice and product great valueHighly recommend
Best streaming device out there, very fast and responsive. A bit more than fire stick but very well worth it!
Fire TV is the best way to cut the cord with the cable company. We have Fire sticks already but the TV is much better.
the console is small so you can basically place it anywhere. Very fast recommend to everyone
I've bought Fire TV originally for my second TV which is not a smart tv. Shows start playback instantly, voice search is the easiest thing to use. My only complaint is that voice search does not work in 3rd party apps yet.
I am enjoying my Amazon Firestick TV. The best investment I've made.
This is the best cord cutter streaming box on the market. I've owned Roku, Apple TV, and Chromecast and this is by far the best. Offers great performance, the remote is very user friendly and I think it has a better selection of apps. The interface is laid out nicely but feels a little compact with a lot of stuff on the screen all at once.
By far the best streaming device in the market. I have one for every room in my house.
the amazon Fire tv is amazing, it never buffers when I'm watching movies or tv shows in 1080p. I have referred this to friends and they have purchased this item.
Amazon Fire TV is the best box for watching whatever is available. Easy to set up and up to 4k viewing is available.
. Works great. Super fast loading opposed to the firestick and rokus. I love it, one of the best quad processor TV boxes out there.
I love the fire sticks and this is definitely the top dog. Very fast.
excellent device, very fast especially when connected to ethernet
Simple, easy to set up and an all around great product
I bought the fire TV to use with Playstation Vue It is more responsive for Vue than the app on PS4
good product for a best price! highly recommended! 4K supported!
The fire tv has exceeded my expectations. I use it all the time. The increased specs make it hands down worth the extra investment over the fire stick.
I bought that for my parents. Great product, easy to operate, they love it. Also great price, thank you, Best buy.
I love the Fire TV concept. I had the Roku before and didn't like it so that went back to the store. I've played with the Fire TV for a couple of days and fell in love with it. All my Amazon contents are on here.I'm trying to cut my cable tv provider out and I think I found a good solution. When my FIOS contract end, I'm moving over to the Fire TV and I'll just get a HD antenna for the house. This unit is very fast and very capable. Based on the Android environment, you can do almost anything on here (entertainment wise.)
I watch everything on this now From movies to Sports and ur everyday news
Quick streaming and 4k capable make this device perfect.
Very nice streamer! This is my second Fire TV so I like the product... On some apps the UI is way better then the Roku's. Highly recommended ... but also have 2 Rokus.
This is one of the most powerful streaming device in market. Kodi runs super smooth on this and not to mention the great features that come along with Amazon prime membership
my husband loves this. we coupled it with the playstation vue streaming service for $30/mo and dropped cox cable totally. we found that the amazon fire box offers a channel guide for ps vue that the roku does not, which is def a helpful feature to have with ps vue.
We canceled cable and love our firebox. It saves us about $200 a month.
I just got this a few days ago, and very impressed with how lightweight it is! The device has taken all the best things and compacted it into a stick that take up minimal space.
This is so great! Love it and looking forward to ditching my cable company!!
Works great, the talking assistant is a great novelty although I personally don't use it that much. HD clarity is fantastic on a 4K TV. Highly recommended if not using on a smart tv, which can already connect to Amazon by itself. Although the HD is actually better through the external device
First we purchased the Firestick that ran off of wifi only...ours was too far away from the router and was buffering all the time. Close-by it worked great, but we upgraded to connect directly and we've had no problems. Wonderful product and serves our needs...the voice command for questions is a nice feature as well.
awesome product. Very glad I made the small investment to get this. I don't even have to use my cable anymore because of this small device.
The fire tv is great for streaming movies and playing games on
Amazon does it again with a great product. Pushes 4K seemlessly and am very satisfied with the product
Upgrade from Fire Stick and it's the best decision I made. It's fast, easy to setup, and came with loaded apps. NO MORE CABLE FEE.
I cut my cable and move to Playstation Vue. Amazon fire tv boxes are fast and picture quality is amazing. I purchase 4 boxes for the whole house.
This is actually worth the money to purchase if you're wanting to watch Netflix, Hulu, YouTube, etc. Everything that you can download on your android devices will be on here and you can even download games to play for kids and adults alike. Easy to set up and use. Just need to set up your Amazon account, and if you don't have one you can make one to use it. Bought one for my mother in law. Best $100 spent. I do not regret this purchase at all.
This was easy to install and is very easy to use. No complaints at all!
Being an Amazon Prime member this little box made a great addition.
We had the Amazon FireTV stick but it was VERY slow and tended to freeze up now and then in the middle of high-definition movies. So, I asked the Best Buy sales person if I would see an improvement with the FireTV box, and he said yes. Sure enough, he was correct. It is SO much better. We are enjoying this product much better than the stick version. It's worth spending the extra money.
Work great with a 4K TV. Better quality than my other streaming devices
I love this device. Small footprint, but tons of options.
I love my Amazon fire t.v. So awesome had to get another for my bedroom t.v., Best Buy, best service!
I use this and my Apple TV, the amazon fire box is great you can watch your favorite shows through them and Hulu and Netflix, what makes the fire stand out is that you can add apps you can't find in their App Store, kodi makes cutting the cord so easy!
A great alternative to cable/satellite. Not as expensive as Apple TV but just as much content. Got it on sale at a great price.
If you want to start using Kodi and don't want to spend $200+ on a Nvidia Shield and don't want the laggy performance of a Fire Stick, spend your money on the Fire TV BOX. Runs amazing!!!
I travel a lot and stay at different hotels...it works perfect for this. It allows me to sign-in to the hotel Internet page for the verification, without having to get it added to the hotel via the Internet administrator. I get all the applications I need and even added those extra that make it more personalized. Great product and the price was just right.
Works great. Very responsive compared to the Fire stick
Great device really like the option to use either wifi or lan
wanted to bring computer life to big screen. don't have smart tv, so this was perfect
we love our amazon firetv box it does so much for such a nice price
Very happy with the Fire Tv box. I use it to watch live tv on the Playstation Vue app and the picture clarity is great. It freezes up sometimes, I'm not sure if thats a problem with my wifi connectivity, the fire tv, or the app.
Works great and was easy to set up. Will get rid of cable with this device.
It's great I gave it as a gift to a family member and they can't get off of it .
Good run great ,no complain. You can try it and will see what happens ....
I recently bought an Amazon Fire Tv, because we're planning on getting rid of our cable service. However, when I got it home I realized my current Tv's are too old to use it. I can't say how it's working yet simply because now I have to upgrade my tv's.
In this day and age of everything online this is the one to have. It works so easily and smooth.
I tried apple tv, chrome tv, Roku but I like this the best.
We have a lot of technology in our house. This is one great way to streamline and simplify the systems.
Wish I would of purchased sooner , one of best item
amazon fire tv is on fire... this is the best stream device now in day.i will highly recommended. the speed is amazing. all you need is a good internet service to enjoy it's maximum potential.and if you have a prime account in amazon you get to enjoy many movies and tv series. get this device for your home
Saved money on cable. Can watch a lot of current movies.
Took a while to get one since all stores were out of stock. Ended up ordering online and getting free shipping. Has all apps plus HBO Now which is great. So far, so good!
This was easy to set up and use. It is an excellent product for Amazon Prime members. We have cancelled our satellite subscription since purchasing the Amazon Fire TV.
I purchased this box as a replacement for my Roku 2 box and it is awesome. Can do all the things that Roku cannot do. Best decision ever made in terms of my electronics.
Great item. You get so much from such a small box. It's definitely worth the money.
It was an excellent purchase from best buy. I would recommend buying this if you Netflix.
I purchased the firestick first and had it for awhile and really enjoyed it until i decided to spend the extra money to get the box for my second one and i could not believe the speed difference in the two, the box is awesome i love it!!!
Setup was very simple. I can actually hide it behind TV and still use remote. I was surprised how fast it boots up. Makes my TV a smart TV that allows many more apps than the ones that come built in generally.
Bought this to stream movies. Plugs into to a electrical outlet and into your TV HDMI. Very easy.
Get system, cannot see anyone not having one or two in their home. Easy to use, great features, a lot a movies available to stream.
I really enjoy this product. It's great with streaming pretty much everything.
Love A&&le TV but seems like all is based on spending money. This device gives you lots of options and lets you select with voice as well as is in UHD.
The Amazon fire TV device is incredibly fast very cost-effective and super reliable. Great for gaming movies television and a lot more. I love it! Buy it now.
We love this fire tv as it has everything we need to watch movies and shows as well as fast streaming
This product allows is to stream almost all tv shows and movies made. We are able to look at old as well as new shows.
Much better than any other streaming device and it has many options and allows you to be wireless or direct through Ethernet. I have it setup so I can watch many of the movies and shows I like. Glad I went with this!
The Amazon Fire TV Box with 4K streaming works very well.
Of course some of the shows don't come in the greatest sometimes but love this product and the best is I am saving money from not bothering with the cable companies and having a huge bill or the next month wondering why the cable bill went up in price.
I've had the Amazon Fire TV for a few weeks now an absolutely love it. My wife and I have cut the cords with cable tv and now stream everything through Fire TV. The quad core processor can keep up with the most demanding HD streams and 3D movies without buffering. If needed Fire TV can be hardwired to you router for additional speed. The apps are endless and you can run all of the popular options out there including Hulu and Sling. I would highly recommend this product for anyone looking to escape cable.
I bought this item and have not been able to put the remote down. A great product that I would recommend for anyone, works well with my 4K TV
My new Amazon Fire TV works terrific! Great for streaming TV service, PlayStation Vue.
This product is great. Very fast and responsive and allows you to cutomize however you feel.
I owned a Fire Stick previously, but when I bought a 4K TV, I wanted a media streamer that could playback 4K content. I tried the Roku but ultimately returned it for the Fire TV because it allows CEC (Consumer Electronics Control) over HDMI, which the Roku did not. For those who don't know, CEC (found in most new TV sets) allows your remote that comes with the TV to control other devices connected through an HDMI cable. Now I only need one remote for everything and didn't have to go out and purchase an expensive universal remote. The Fire TV was exactly what I needed for my 4K setup and now I use my Fire Stick for travel. Great product and great service from Best Buy.
Decided to go with this along with playstation vue and a couple other subscriptions I already had to cut the cord from cable. This little box is excellent for all sorts of streaming. Shows come in very clear. The response time is great. Only down side is bluetooth and not IR but a nice $20 adapter and boom now my universal remote works with this. Definitely would recommend for anyone looking to cut ties with their cable company.
Bought this on a flash sale 64.99!! This is great especially when running the playstation vue app streaming!
Fire TV is a game changer, definitely worth it to spend the extra clams on this over the fire stick. Awesome product,
A great product for cord cutters!!! Works like a charm.
I have the Amazon stick but this is much faster and better. I am very happy I purchase the Amazon TV box. I bought this TV box for my bedroom which I spend 90% of my time. It is much faster than my regular Netflix site. I love the idea I can also log on to my Netflix on the TV box, too. I am going to get another one for my family room. Good thing it was on the Labor Day sale (Smile)
I think it is a great product, although I could not say whether Fire TV is better than Apple TV. Fire TV is better with the Amazon movies and shows, while Apple TV is directly through the iTune store for movies and shows.
I liked the first one so much, I went out and bought another one! Love everything about this product. Please ensure you have great internet in order to properly run the services.
Great device. Very fast and responsive. Capable of streaming in 4k and while there is limited content, it comes thru beautifully. Alexa and voice search is fantastic.
Great hardware. I owned the Fire Stick before getting this. It's WELL worth the extra money. Loads WAY faster and much less buffering. I love Amazon Prime. Wish there was better/newer/more frequent movies but for being included with all the other Prime services, it's a deal. And the Fire TV is the perfect way to access it.
One of the best media boxes I've used. Heavily Amazon based, but works awesome and also has an Ethernet port that makes streaming fast!
Very easy to navigate and so many option it's unbelievable. This great gadget saving me alot of money canceled my cable subscription.
This unit is great. It has everything that I need in it plus more. It's fast and responsive with great voice recognition. The UHD content is awesome.
Fire tv is great!!! Easy to use!!!! I love that you can speak to give it commands
Got this while on sale & used Best Buy points ! Got it for super cheap . Being a Prime member makes this worth while. So far the Fire TV has performed flawlessly. There are many apps to choose from, some not available on my Apple TV . This box is 4K ready with some Prime eligible titles to stream . The interface is not quite as nice as Apple TV but works ok . I would say it is worth what I paid and then some !
The Fire TV from Amazon works great! I have cancelled cable TV and am watching movies, news, football and etc. via Sling and the Fire TV. Takes some getting used to, but I would highly recommend if you want to save money on your cable bill and still enjoy TV.
Fast set up, 4k compatible and for more storage USB and SD card port.
I could plug into an Ethernet outlet for faster speeds than wireless. It works great
This has a great UI. I've used all the different streaming devices and this is by far the cleanest, fastest, and offers a lot of app selections.Works great with Playstation Vue!
Yes perfect for a bonus room can have Netflix and movies all at the same time
This thing works great. I highly recommend it. Good price on sale.
Fire box is great. Easy start up and also to navigate thru for beginers in the streaming tv world.
Works great. Fast uploading and doesn't take up any space.
works great, good for the price. I canceled my cable subscription completely
Needs to buffer less frequently than the current gen Fire stick. Plugged it in and was watching movies on Kodi within 45 minutes. Pretty happy with this.
The product I got was the amazon fire box to go in my spare bedroom for guest instead of basic tv and defusing to pay cable service for an extra box.
We love the fire tv so much, we have one on every tv jn the house!
I am very satisfied with the Amazon TV. While I have used an Amazon Firestick, I bought this unit primarily because of the ethernet connection in order to get a faster streaming speed while watching TV shows and movies. Another nice feature is the USB connection. It makes it very easy to view and listen to music audios, videos and photos on a thumb drive.I recommend it to anyone who has internet hardwire options available.
Easy to install, nice alternative to cable great shows on demand.
Good you guys did a goood job nice workers good job
The Amazon Fire TV is the way to go! Very easy to set up and use!!! A++
So having this device has been great, Amazon prime aside, (as you can watch all of the great stuff Amazon has to offer if you are a Prime member) this devices allows excellent DLNA media streaming, access to online media applications such as netflix and many music sites as well.On my Smart TV i've always had an issue with the Netflix application crashing or not being able to connect for reasons unknown, and I constantly had to reset the entire "Smart TV" to get it working again "maybe".Using Netflix via the Fire TV, has never been easier, it actually makes the picture seem even more crisp than the native netflix application on my 4K Ultra HD 3D TV, go figure. the app doesn't crash on me, and i don't even use the Netflix app on the dumb i mean smart tv i have, i go right to the fire tv.This is a must have device for all things media.
By far my favorite product to stream from. I purchased the stick afterwards but it is no where near as reliable as the tv.
Love this box. Streams really well and fast. Great for adults and kids
This has much more space than the fire stick. Because of the extra memory space, the spreed and quality is great, to include less buffering.
Amazon fire tv is a great product. It turns any tv into a smart tv. I watch all my movies and tv shows with the fire tv.
We love our Amazon television box we want to order another one
it's easy to set up and start enjoying Amazon Prime.
Best one yet, super speed, great pictures, 4k is awesome!
I purchased this item, along with an HD antenna to finally cut the cable. Prices were getting out of control with the cable monopoly. This product really delivers. All the entertainment you could possibly want at your fingertips. I use it to stream PlayStation Vue. After experimenting with all devices. I feel this is by far the best. As smooth as a PS4, but easier to navigate with the remote. I also use it to stream Netflix as well as some of the free content. Overall an easy to use great product
Well worth the money..............................
I managed to catch it on sale for 1299$ and use a 10% movers coupon to get it for about 1275$ after tax. TV works great and has a good picture, sound is whatever, but it's good enough for me.
This box is very easy to program and to use. We can access all types of TV programs and movies. The voice command is very cool and save a great deal of time not havei g to type every thing you're searching for. Love It!!
If you have Hulu, Netflix, amazon prime, etc... get this because you can control all of them from this device it's awesome and faster than the Fire stick and you can play games too gotta get the game controller totally worth it
Picked up one of thear love it easy to set up and install great price
Works great, I can stream Netflix and a ton of other apps.
I love my amazon fire, would recommend to anyone. It is a good buy.
I love this. It's has so much to offer for a great price. Super fast and easy to use!
We are so happy with the fire stick! Our friends kept telling us to get one and I don't know why we waited so long!
great streaming device for non smart hdtv. a must for any home
We got the FireTV because a friend recommended it to us. We were stick of our cable bill constantly going up and this was the best optio! It's a onetime purchase fee and you can download an App called Kodi and you can watch live Tv, previously played shows, and movie you can think of and even sports. Granted sometimes the quality isn't the best, it's free!! We were paying almost $200 for cable and Internet and now I pay $60 for internet and nothing to stay up with my shows and sports!! Best purchase I have made in a long time!!
works great easy to get connected and running, have not had any issues with buffering
I bought this to utilize PlayStation Vue. Works well
I love my Amazon box!! It's easy to use and with the right internet connection, there's no buffing or waiting for movies to download. I compared it to the Apple TV & for the overall money, this was the better purchase.
This is a great device to have and use. I have two
I bought a new 65" Visio and it doesn't ha e the smart tv that is integrated. Now you have to use a tablet which would be ok but I have to sync all the time and it is annoying. Amazon fire tv is awesome, much faster than the integrated programs on the TVs. I love it, allowed me to cut the cable.
It's exactly what it says it is. Really happy with it.
Super easy to use. Has Alexa for voice commands. We've purchased 2 additional boxes for our other tv's.
Amazon TV Box has got to be best bang for the buck. No other devices can match performance and price this offers. Great for gaming, movies, shows, and overall android platform.
I love this. Sold 4 Apple tvs including 4th generation.
Very user friendly. Easy set up, and works great with my amazon prime account.
I could not be happier with my purchase. The channel options are great. Very easy to navigate around menu.
I liked Amazon Fire TV, it's powerful and the result is amazing.
Much nicer than the competition, fast wifi or LAN hookup. The menu is fast and easy to work with. The voice search is helpful and works like Google search or Siri.
Love it very easy to use and easy to install and run on tv
This FireTV is amazing in the way it can turn any tv into a smart tv. It is quick and responsive. We only using it for its streaming capabilities but so much more can be done with it. We also own a Firestick and they both seem the same for performance. So if you only plan on using its streaming capabilities you might want to look into the cheaper firestick.
A nice upgrade from my original Amazon TV Fire.The voice command feature has been flawless.A great purchase.
this is a great product with several streaming options.
Fire TV 4K version is a lot faster than the original version with a better chip set. The picture quality is excellent and navigation between apps is easy and intuitive. Also like the fact that you can load apps without a PC or Mac necessary.
This was recommended to me. Good product, can avail Amazon prime and will automatically get hook up & have an access to it.
I absolutely love the fire tv box... It's amazing!
This was purchased for a 2nd TV. No issues- love it
This is very fast and no buffering for non Amazon movies. I definitely recommend this product. I got this one in deal not paying full price at Best buy beats the others in price and product performance.
Works great, no connection issues! It has all the apps I need that roku would have
Purchased this to replace my ATV to allow use of Playstation Vue. As a huge Apple user, I expected it to be a sacrifice but I love this even more than my ATV.
Love it, its so easy to setup and use. The box is powerful and keeps up with everything that I am streaming, including games. This is a great unit and I have had no issues with it. Highly recommend. Also, check out some of the other apps you can load on this device, its very open and there is a lot you can do with it. If you're into electronics and having a great home entertainment setup then this is a must have.
I am really impressed with Amazon box. The processor is really fast and responsive. Has one of the better remotes out there.
Love the fire box! Quick and easy to navigate. I watch all my faves in the apps and cut the chord with my cable company!
Love the fire stick. And the price wad the best price compared to other stores
What's great about the Fire TV is it's great interface, and frankly it's affordability. If you want 4K streaming, a fast fluid interface, then this is what you want! The nVidia Shield is great, and yeah it's powerful... and plays games, but for the price, and if you just want to stream it's not worth it. The selection of Android games is so limited, don't waste your money! I've also been turned off by the Roku interface, it seems too kiddish, and just not as intuitive. I am using these Fire TV devices through out the house to stream Live TV, and my movie collection through an app called Emby. It's a fantastic experience for the whole family and saves me a bundle on rental fees from the cable company, and electricity due to it's low power consumption. If you want just want to stream, and play your home movie collection this is what you want!
This product was easy to install. It allows me to view things on my television I previously could not. Now I have a smart tv plus it gives me access toMany other websites and viewing options.
The Fire TV works great and is very fast. Some apps are in the cloud but others have to be purchased through Amazon. Only problem was getting battery cover off of remote
It's show everything in great view of videos and..
works great and you can customize it. very nice with the voice remote
I decided to buy the Amazon firestick tv after already purchasing firestick based on the fact that firestick tv box is 4K quality . And it does not disappoint ! If you have a better picture quality tv , definitely recommend the higher quality firestick tv to get the best picture possible ;-)
Don't hesitate to buy. Very user friendly platform.
It is a great decent device to have around, super fast streaming without getting over heated.
I find this product is far better Han Apple TV. Otis easy to use the controls are smooth and it's extremely compact.
Great product. I love it. Best thing I every got. I would recommend.mend this product to everyone.
great, always a great time vising the store of my choice
We purchased this after wanting to get rid of satellite tv and save money. We wanted to try PlayStation vue and needed an option for another tv. This has. Even a great addition and we love it. Very good interface and we don't miss satellite at all! We have been enjoying many of the free games as well. This is a great choice.
This is a great item. I connected it with no problem. The streaming features are awesome.
Excellent product, works really well...love it....
I returned one of my cable boxes and just use my AMZN fire. I love that I can use the voice command. Super easy set up.
It is very fast and reliable, it is everything it says it is...
I was quite surprised by the ease with of setting this up. The voice control with Alexa works great, far exceeded my expectations. Great picture quality and a good selection of shows and movies.
A little confusing at first but once you get the hang of it it's very satisfying
The fire tv is worth every penny. I have not had any issues with my device
I love the Amazin FireTV stick! I have one in every room of the house and don't have to worry about a cable bill ever again.
I love my amazon fire tv, there are a lot of great features. I highly recommend it.
I am an Amazon Prime member and decided to take advantage of Prime Video and Prime Music. I recently "cut the cord" on cable and subscribed to SlingTV. Amazon Fire TV works great with SlingTV and many other apps listed in the description. The menu design is simple and easy to use. It is a great purchase and you can get even more out of your Amazon Prime membership with the Amazon Fire TV
This is a great alternative to cable/box. Saves $.
I am extremely happy with the box, well over the stick. Twice as fast, twice as much RAM and up to almost 30 times as much memory
Good product good service...attended real good.Find product ok.
Great way to save on cable. Wifi enabled so really simple to install.
Had a fire stick and loved it. Eventually got this because I wanted the 4K capabilities. My only regret is that I didn't get it sooner. I use it for sling tv a lot as well.
I'm really enjoying my amazon fire tv. I should have bought it a long time ago. Alexa is a very cool feature.
Nice interface, easy to use. Smooth, no buffering.
This is an excellent piece. We use is it mainly for Netflix but there are so many other features yet to explore.
I'm getting rid of my DirecTV subscription for this. I love it! I don't have to forward through commercials :)
This unit has a powerful processor, load contents very quick and stream the movie so smooth.
Cut the cable. save money. we love it and recommend
My Fire TV has it so much easier moving away from cable.
I love this box with its bigger memory capabilities. Looks great on my 4k tv
Very easy to use and Alexa is awesome! App store has anything you could want in it too.
We love the Amazon Fire. It is so easy to hook up and so easy to use.Great resource for movies, watching series and just about anything you could be interested in.
Works very well.fast and great if you have a prime account.
We love it. Great product We heard about it from family
Works great, several apps for my kids to choose from.
I like this item because it has an eathernet port and is very fast .
Fire tv has great features and if one of the best boxes being sold
I liked the amazon stick so much I upgraded to an amazon fire. I'm very happy with the purchase.
This is an awesome box to have. Makes it easy to watch all your shows.
This is great. Stream all the Prime Video plus your normal stuff on YouTube Netflix, etc.
Very easy to load up exodus and watch what every you wanna watch. With kodi. Never pay for cable againHave already recommended this to a few friends. They are all happy
Finally decided to cut the cables. Will be able to save at least $200/month. One of the best decisions I have made thus far.
it works very well for a small black box on my concil.
Awesome product! I use for all rooms in my house. Streams fast and it is very easy to use. I wish the remote was set up a little bigger. Overall it's a great product.
We don't have the best wifi in our house which caused the firestick to continually buffer. Since getting the fire tv we almost never have buffering, it's quicker and much more reliable.
I purchased this to watch PlayStation Vue which it does very well. It is relatively small and does to make any noise that I can detect.
Easy to use, great product. Cost is great, many features.
Hate using cable very easy to use. Family is enjoying using it.
Easy to setup easy to use! Works great and easy to get started love it
Really enjoyed this like the hard wire instead of wi-fi great apps very easy to understand
Very fast response to the different apps and looks great with my 4K tv
This amazon fire tv box is one of the best media devices available.
Fire TV delivers. Good device with a very easy to use interface. Easy to set up.
i love this product, it works great and for a great price
Purchased this so I can use Bluetooth headphones with it. Works perfectly! I use it everyday!!! Awesome buy!!!
Enjoy using my fire tv I have taken it out of town and it hook up just fine
It's fast, n I love the expandable memory slot, I love how my tv remote can control it also deff worth buying
This is the best streaming device in the market. Fast & easy setup. Allows u2 program it and hookup peripheral devices such as mouse, keyboard.Firestick is only 2.4Ghz, so make sure to get the box. It also has ability to stream via hardwire.
Out of all the other media sources, this is my favorite one. It's a lot user friendly, and has more options to do things with this media device.
This is our second box for our bedroom. We got our first over a year ago when we decided we were't paying a $200 cable bill each month. We have no complaints at all.
I love my fire TV it's an amazing product I liked it so much I went out and bought fire sticks for the rest of the TVs in my house
Excellent media streaming device. Could easily take the place of about 4 different boxes under your television.
one of the best media player options for streaming TV
I love the Fire TV because I can stream all NFL games with the Kodi app and all of my Prime shows.
These boxes are simply amazing! Great for everyone
Would purchase again. Great product. It is easy to install. You tube was very helpful to me with the installation of my Amazon Fire stick.
One of the best media streamers out there right now.
I don't have cable so it would not be valuable to me
Far exceeded my expectations. Very simple setup. Having Amazon Prime makes this purchase a "no brainer"
I had this for over 3 months and I'm liking this more and more. It has a lot of potential. 1st of, hardware wise. It's the best of the bunch. It can support up to a 4k display, has an Ethernet port and a microsd slot. It's small and compact so I can tuck it way from sight. This is fast. Virtually little to no lag. Everything is smooth and responsive. If I did have to complain, it's the time to start up the unit from a cold start. 2nd, It's based of of Android so the potential to root and install a media player is a possibility. 3rd, rarely has any buffering issue. Why did I bring this up. It all depends on your provider. When I has FIOS and hardwire the Fire player to the router, it keeps buffering. I don't know why. I have 50 up/down. When I changed providers, TWC/Spectrum, I have Zero buffering issues. To me, I think FIOS is throttling HD contents.To sum it up, this is way better than the stick because of the hard-wiring capabilities. MircoSD slot for expandable and this is freaking fast then the stick. Well worth the extra $30-$40.
Wonderful item. Works well with current set-up. Highly recommend.
The fire tv is super easy to use an super fast compared to the fire stick. Easy setup an all.
This is a great product. Great tv and awesome for family content.
The Amazon fire TV is an excellent addition to our household entertainment setup! The ease of use is appreciated and the show content is perfect for my needs.
I recommend this to everyone! Love having all my videos in one spot and easy to use! Plus parental controls to stop purchases and restrict shows!
I have purchased the fire stick in the past. Now the box does everything the stick does and I can expand the memory which is a huge plus for me. Also being able to plug directly into a cat5 cable helps with streaming..
I needed a stream player to cut cable . So I went with the amazon tv. Has it all internal storage and capability to add a SD card. Works great with kodi
I have used them all, but when it comes to performance this tops them all. Its a very powerful device. Especially if you LAN wire it, I hardly experience buffering with my streams. Perfect for open-source media players such as Kodi and Plex.
Purchased this TV as a birthday present, and it didn't disappoint! She absolutely loves it, raves about it all the time! Great sound, display and was easy to mount.
Nice Amazon Product to have it. Magnolia configured it with my Home theater system and works well!!
I am happy with this purchase. I've always wanted one. Works great.
Is a great product and a fantastic entertainment. The hole family is around it at home washing videos and series. It is also compatible with others programs and apps.
This is easily the best media player around. Solid hardware, blazing fast and snappy nice user interface and a ton of apps. Highly recommend
We had a streaming movie box that had Kodi pre-loaded. Even though the box was capable of speeds up to 100 mbps, it seemed to always buffer or just stop. We bought the Amazon fire because it supports up to 200 mbps and supports 4k as well. I rarely have any issues now. Also the number of apps this will run is great.
Amazon fire tv is a great product save a lot of money not paying high cable prices
I love the fire tv. I already had the fire stick and decided to give this a try for the living room. I'm very happy with it. Love the fact that I can hook it up through LAN so I doesn't buffer anywhere near as much as the stick
Much better than the fire stick has a lot of memory and processor so it's very fast between menus. most likely will buy another one for another TV
Absolutely amazing. A must have for the home and Ethernet connection makes internet connection fast and reliable
This is a nice item to get especially when your husband is a movie buff. It will allow you to go to extended channels in order to watch whatever taste you may have for watching TV.. It allows you watch all kinds of sports from soccer, to football, to baseball to lacrosse, to whatever interests you.
Great product, easy to hook up and use. Alexa is easy to use as well.
I found this unit easy to setup. It also allowed me to view my Netflix account without wearing out my PlayStation .
Great product. Being able to connect to the modem directly is great. Solves some of the streaming issues normally associated with using wifi.
Great item for the price. Love the fact that you can hard wire to your internet for lightning fast streaming.
This is a perfect device for the novice that expects superior performance and doesn't mind paying a little extra. No buffering and excellent 1080 quality.
Very easy to use. Great for travel. Access to many many movies.
I love it it is so easy to use it and I can safely everything I want.
We purchase this amazon fire TV for one of my TVS that is not smart and e are very happy with it, we used to watch Hulu, Amazon TV, it is very fast and we haven't had any problems.
I cut my cable. Easy to use, easy to install. My son did it for me, but I could have by myself.
Much better than a fire stick. Well worth the extra money.
this is a great product best on the market will recommend
Works fine and I am pleased with my purchase. I would purchase again.
I am very happy with my fire tv. It's makes me want to buy another to go in my son's room.
We have joined the modern world and now have access to more viewing opportunities than we imagined. The best part is that this technology allows us to speak our request.
Works great as a streaming devise. Menu interfaces are easy to navigate.
I have a smart TV but the Fire TV is faster and extremely more flexible. It is the best value of all units I reviewed. I have highly recommend the Fire TV and Fire Stick to my friends. They too have purchased and love it.
I've had the Fire Stick version of the Fire TV for quite a while, but finally went for the more powerful unit. This little guy is great, does a fine job of bringing in the Amazon offerings as well as playing some casual games (we tried some trivia and other simple games). The voice control is excellent. Overall I am very pleased with this unit. If I had to come up with something they could improve, it would be the feel of the remote. It has a bit of a fragile/flimsy feel to it.
Great addition to the TV! Quick plug and play and very easy to use!!!
Snappy and reliable performance. This is exactly what I expected its little brother to be. Works great with our system. We generally use our Echo as the speaker and they work well together. My only real complaint is the lack of certain apps, Vudu in particular, but I can't blame that on the device or its manufacturer - that falls to the app developers.
Great Multimedia solution. I do not have a smart tv and this is a perfect solution All apps I will ever need are available, easy to install and get started and yet very easy to use. Great product.
I love this. It is awesome. well worth the money spent
Amazon Fire TV is real easy to setup and use......
Very easy to use set up was really use I love all of the channels
Works Perfect and woujld highly recommend.Was easy to set up!
Love this Amazon Fire TV. I hooked it up to my bedroom TV and started watching all of my favorite shows on Netflix, and other apps that comes on this! Great!
Started with appleTV. Traded those in for Roku, wasn't happy and switched to Amazon Fire Tv. Couldn't be happier.
The amazon 4K is amazing. Way better than the stick. The box runs smoother than the stick and wor
My first experience with a streaming device it has been very easy to learn how to use
After trying Apple TV, I'm happy with Amazon fire. The remote is great and easy set up
Just love that breadth of tv entertainment available from this!
I love this product. The fact that I can connect the fire tv to an Ethernet cable is one of the best perks imo. It fast, the remote just works and there is no buffering
It was simply to set up and easy to use. Plug in sign in and bam
I refuse to buy cable, and I was using my computer to stream shows. This was interfering with my homework. I decided to try the stick out, but due to the upgrades they were out. I bought the box instead. I am so happy with my purchase. It doesn't overheat or get slow or have any of the problems the stock has.
It was a gift to each of my children (3) for anniversaries/birthdays. They all love it for variety of movies and ease of setup and use. No complaints.
What can I say I'm very happy with this fire tv go it mainly so I can use my Sony vue. It's very nice. This is my 3 one this year
Replaced an old blue ray cd player. Less space used and very fast response time.
These are things are awesome. I have two now. I highly recommend this over the fire stick version. I have a fire stick that I only use when traveling.
Bought to use with PS Vue, no issues so far. Would be nice to be able turn it off when not streaming.
This product's reaction time between apps is what sold me. No lag like other devices. 4k streaming looks awesome!!
Really loving the Fitbit Blaze so far. It reminds me to keep pushing and motivates me to stay active. The features are awesome and battery life is amazing. I definitely recommend this watch to someone looking to start being active/continue to be active/or push their limits. Great investment. FYI (it's a fitness watch not a true smartwatch)
Hard to argue with an amazon fire tv or stick. I bought this to replace my previous one that only did 1080p. Having had both I would say you won't go wrong with either. I bought the firetv for the direct Internet plug in capability which I figured would be a concern with wifi
I love this! Easy to set up and easy to use. Would recommend it for sure.
I've only had one box failure since I cut the cable cord years ago and Amazon stood by replacing it because it was an odd occurrence. I have several of these -- they work great not only with Amazon features, but with Hulu, Netflix and other streaming media options. I tried a Roku unit from a friend once and didn't like it. The Fire TV, on the other hand, is very easy to use.
Whether if you have cable or not (we don't)- this is an amazing device to have. Many movies to choose from.
I enjoy using this, it has a wonderful Ultra HD picture quality. I picked this version for use with Sling TV or Playstation Vue.
Streams much better than smart tv does. Well worth it
I bought the Amazon Fire TV to mod and stream media. It works fantastic and does exactly what I want including 4k video output. The primary reason I chose this item over the Fire stick was that I wanted wired ethernet and not wireless. Picture quality and sound is excellent.
I haven't used it a lot yet, but the few times I did, it works great. It was easy to set up. Looking forward to be able to bring this with us on trips.
Its amazing, super fast in response and will provide access to all your amazon content. If you are a prime member this is a must IMO!!
I purchased after owning a FireStick for a while, which is now moved to a different room. Works great so far and runs smoother than the stick.
4K Netflix streaming is awesome. Tons of available apps. Remote works well. Gets kinda hot after a while but doesn't seem to be affecting performance. Would recommend!
I have 2 FireTV boxes and 2 Fire Sticks and love them both. The sticks buffer a bit sometimes but the box never does for us. I use it with Playstation Vue and it works great!
Amazon TV is a great streaming devise and it has voice control.The Fire TV also streams in 4k
This things is amazing. I had a Roku and a Matricom G box before it. It's fast, has expandable storage, usable USB ports, and you can easily side load Kodi. The only gripe I have is that there is no IR control, so you can't program it to a smart remote. I do like the fact they make an app for iOS and Android so that make it a bit better, but it would be nice to have one remote control I can use to control everything.
great product. I have 4 android fire TV boxes in my house. I love it. easy to setup
This is really the best streaming device it has all the services like netflix, hulu, and it also plays games. I love this fire tv. Its also 4k.
Very very fast and has 4K awesome video that most players don't have!
Love it, get lots of programs. This was referred to me by a friend of mine as highly recommended.
Love this product. Neat design and easy to navigate.
Worked great! Looks good. Feels good. Smells good.
What a excellent strean=ming player and with the 4k resolution goes great with my Samsung 4k tv
Love the new Amazon Fire TV. It is real fast and the thing I like best about it is that you now can put in a SD Memory card for a lot more space. Cheaper and better then the new Apple TV.
at first view I was thinking too much to get or not get this product, but I tried and I love it... Amazon Video is the most amazing video library paying yearly and enjoy at home :) Love this product.
Fire tv works great and user friendly. Great for watching movies
I love the picture quality from this device. Can't go wrong with a 4k . Also the picture steaming on the TV screen amazing. Good job amazon.
purchased the fire tv and love it, saves me tons of $$ on my cable bill
Great product love that you can sideload kodi app.
This is a great device for your transition off cable. I recommend slingtv to help the transition. I have the firetv as well as the firestick. Spend the additional money for better wifi. You can also wire direct for best HD streaming. Netflix and Prime work well over wifi with 20 Mbps type speed. I just upgraded to 100 Mbps for better results. Also see Kodi app.
I would not know where to start. It is the best among the the field of Android TV. Voice call is second to none. I have recommended it to more than 3 of my frieds.
My kid love it, especially the sd card slot.Tgey can watch there favorite movies on the microsd.
Once you start to figure out all this will do , you will be very happy with your purchase
Fast and reliable, easy to use interface. Great price and fast service at Best Buy.
Amazon fire tv is the best to use with kodi app that allows you to have all the movies without any additional charge.
Very easy to set up and begin using. Live fire stuck and fire stick tv
I love the how clear and fast streaming . Would highly recommend this item for steaming etc
I give to my husband as a gift and he is very happy!
Definitely the best streaming box in the market especially the new 4K version. I love this box better than Apple box.
This product is really great, not buffering when watching live streaming.
It's a perfect gift and has way more than I expected it to have.
We all know how great this is. It's only a question of where to buy it. BB has the best price!
We needed to upgrade to 4K and this made it available.
This is the perfect starter media player for someone who is new to online media. Mom loves it
I think this item is great. I got rid of my Cable.
Great box for the money and it is so easy to use and enjoy
Great product easy to use . Even my kids 8/10 can use it !
i bought this to replace a old apple tv works great
If your student you're going to love Amazon TV. I'm a Amazon prime member because I buy books from Amazon all the time. With this box you can also have the benefits of streaming movies with your membership.
I really like this product. I can access the internet with the Fire TV and watch my shows via Netflix. It is also user friendly.
Amazon has made a very affordable upgrade. Fast streaming, a responsive remote control and easy to set up. Picture is crisp and HD all the way. Supports 4K so future upgrades are a forgone conclusion.
It's great and it works very well with 4k makes all the difference in the world.
easy to buy on line and store, fast shipping and pack out good
good add thirt party app watch chinese tv.speed fast .and stady.
Debated whether to purchase this or not. Recently cut the cable cord. We also subscribed to sling tv and already was Netflix subscriber. Love this option. My favorite is the music stations. Most have lyrics to the songs I enjoy through amazons fire tv.
I love my Amazon Fire TV. It's an amazing device! It's quick and very responsive. Overall, I believe it's the beat streaming device on the market!
As a video streaming device, the Fire TV is great, especially if you're a Prime member. It's more powerful than most media boxes on that market especially if you're into gaming, which is where that extra juice shines.In fact, tons of Android games play great on it. You don't even need the optional controller for most of them. And there's something to be said for playing Candy Crush on the big screen. But for more serious games like Grand Theft Auto, Tales from Borderlands, Modern Combat, or Knights of the Old Republic?Really well. You might want to invest in a controller for some of them (though not all game support the controller natively so do your research!) they run very smooth, and without any noticeable frame-rate drops. Though, most Android games don't really push the hardware anyway, so this should come as no surprise. But at the very least, this does mean you'll be able to play top-of-the-line Android games for several years with no problem. Some apps have their own versions specifically for the Fire TV, so you'll want to make sure to get those ones if available.You also may be wondering what the difference is between the 2015 model, and the previous 2014 launch model. Well...not much. The newer box is capable of a 4K output whereas the older version only went up to 1080p. But since most people don't even own 4K TVs, this feature probably won't be too useful. That said, it is nice future-proofing, as 4K TVs become more and more standard, the Fire TV will be ready. There are smaller changes here and there, but I'm not familiar enough with the older model to say what is what.Anyway, if you're looking for a streaming box that in addition to offering the usual Netflix, YouTube, Hulu and (of course) Amazon, also lets you play Android games (and play them well).It's worth noting that you can't access the Google Play store without rooting the system to install it first. Though, even then only a limited selection of Google Play apps is even compatible with the Fire TV (as of now) so it might not be worth the trouble, especially when Amazon usually offers comparable, if not the same exact apps anyhow. But it's worth pointing out all the same.
I rarely watch live TV so watching my favorite TV programs on the fire TV works better for me. Also great for watching netflix.
Easy set up, effortless, bout one for my 80 year old father and he uses it without any help.
The tool is excellent with Ethernet streaming and smooth viewing of HD movies.
Love the fire tv! It's is fast and very responsive. If you have Amazon prime this is a must!
Great product built structurally solid no issue and purchased 2.
I have so many different apps that I use to watch my movies and TV and this device groups them all. The remote makes searching a breeze and Alexa is entertaining to talk to. I would get multiple of these. Amazon is adding a LOT of great features to prime. Oh and I hope you have PRIME when you get this. If you dont your wasting money. Get prime and get the fire TV
I love this and use it every night to watch just about anything I want.
Love this product will buy again this product is smooth and fast
So far this is the best, least expensive media player I have found that meets my needs. Every media player can stream Amazon, Netlfix, Hulu ... What sets this apart is since it uses Android, you can actually do stuff with it if you don't mind side-loading some stuff. In my case, I use it to run Kodi. Why? Well, Kodi can play dvd iso files. I have bought hundreds of exercise videos over the years, and need the iso in order to use the menus. With Kodi you can do this. The last media player at this price point that could do this was the WD TV Live. This is that, plus plus plus. Highly recommend.
I'm happy with the product, all works perfect, but the Best Buy employee attitude I don't like, I'm ask for the product and he told me if you don't see here we don't have it, and I ask another employee and he show me the item from another place, a very different attitude.Thank you !!
Love Amazon Fire TV. Easy and simple to use and set-up.
I got it for my brother and he loved it! He loved how small the box is and how it doesn't take to much space.
The product is easy to use and loads everything quickly. The voice command works great and the 4k picture looks fantastic
Have a firestick and now a fire box and I am impressed with both products. The box however is a much more superior product. The speed is extremely noticeable and the expandable memory slots are a bonus. The ability to hardwire directly into my router makes for buffer free streaming. Well worth the extra money.
Got this mostly for watching Amazon content buy it works well as a game center for mobile apps too. Can't say enough good things about it--haven't got a UHDTV so can't comment on 4k.Lot of experience with Amazon products so setup and connecting were easy for me. Travels very easily -- small and lightweight. Ethernet cable works best, obviously, but I found hotel wifi pretty effective for streaming too.
I really like it work great i recommended to my friends
Great device! Fast response with remote control. Great voice recognition! Very reliable in terms of connectivity. Streaming 4k is a big plus. Overall great product.
Easy to use, easy setup, and nice interface. I would definitely recommend this product.
Very easy to set up.. Excellent remote and fantastic quality picture
A great device that has a variety of channels and many apps the have a lot of entertainment
I bought this for one reason, and thats Kodi, its an awesome device for that, and with the sd card reader its easy to install and get up and running, highly recommended
What a buy. You can now get rid of cable and by this wonderful media streamer by Amazon. Very powerful and responsive.
Now I can get Netflix, HBO, Amazon Prime, and a lot more. There is more there than I can watch! Great value! Very easy to setup and flawless operation. I do have a very fast internet so I have no problems whatsoever.
This box is works great all the apps work and are responsive with little to no lag. For 99 bucks it's a great deal I barely watch cable anymore because you can access tv shows on every network from the most recent to the first episode. I use this every single night since buying it and have had no problems with it at all
I went back and forth but this was the right call.
We upgraded to the 4K version. It has better buffering, and we love the voice search capabilities on the remote. It is super simple to set up and start watching your favorite programs. It also let's you add external apps like Kodi. Well worth the money.
excellent graphic quality easy to use. does not use infra-red so other remotes will not work with it.
bought this device for my living room tv set up best idea ever
Out of all thats offered out there, this is my favorite. It helps if you're a Prime member, and Kodi runs well on this device.
Excellent purchase and easy to set up. Great entertainment console.
Love these firesticks its a very good device love the selection of movies.
Faster than the Fire stick and worth the extra money.
For the price Amazon tv is the best everything that I watch on it comes in 4K . I definitely recommend this product.
I love this amazon fire tv! I use it all the time. The picture is crisp and the device is super fast!
Makes any tv a smart tv! Lightning fast 4 gig processor.
This little box should be call a happy box. Once you have sat it up all you have to do is say what you want and it pop up on your tv.
Well worth the money if you have an Amazon Prime account. Easy set up....excellent streaming quality. My only complaint is that I wish the speech search feature (there is a speech recognition search feature) worked with other apps.
Love these, great cable cutter. A little glitchy on the remote but really good product
Surprised how powerful this little thing is. Easy to use and setup was a breeze.
Amazon FireTV is a great product. I buy a bunch of them for friends and family because they are the way of the future for streaming devices.
Upgraded to this from the Fire TV Stick, it's twice as powerful than the stick. I liked it a lot and got 3 of my coworkers on them and they love it. Great for travel, a dorm room & for not paying on extra cable/satellite boxes and their monthly vig.
Great media box and you can do so much with it. Really fast and has 4K!
If you have Amazon Prime this is a no brainer. I have a 2014 Samsung smart TV and this works much better for streaming. It has wireless AC as well as N and connected to my AC network without any problems. It can also be hardwired to your router if needed. I really like the HDMI out which I can feed through my AVR the out to the TV just like a blu ray player. Connection was as simple as plugging it in and connecting an HDMI cable to my AVR. 4K streaming is glitch free and the voice remote works very well, too. Easily worth the 99 bucks.
Item works great. Gets all of the channels and sites I am looking for and more.
love it best purchase so far this year better than the wifi fire stick
Great device for the price. Small enough to hide it and quiet enough to forget about it. 4K is the great addition that's on it. Compared to Apple TV you get more storage space for less on this and you get 4K too.
The Amazon Fire Stick is a great way to access the vast library of Amazon and other content in any tv. You'll need an HDMI input on the television, a power outlet and reliable wi-fi. Get one for every TV in your house.
Now I have fire tv in all my room is. A great product you can do a lot of thing
This is one of the best purchases i have ever made
Amazing! Easy to install and set-up. Voice control works well and controller fits easily in hand with the buttons in the right place. Got the first one for my wife at Christmas, we now own 4. Had 2 of the original Apple TV with small limited controller. That was painful. Amazon TV Is well worth the money!
I have purchased a few of these items they are perfect for getting rid of tv
Love it. Works great. Need good wifi signal. Easy to set up.
Works great. Easy to set up, watch youtube.com for it. Some streams better quality than others.
Many of my friends raved about how well the Fite Tv performed and after months of hearing great things about it, I have to say this has been one of the best investments.
Very easy to setup, internet reception is good using wired connection, 4K capable but 1080P is satisfactory.
Could not say more great things about this product!!! Do yourself a favor and get this! It's so fast and while it has the same functionality as the Firesticks which I also own, you can hook this up directly to your internet router which makes streaming extremely fast!!! Make sure you watch plenty of YouTube videos and anyone can figure out how to get the MOST ;) out of all of the services Fire TV, the World Wide Web, and KODI (YouTube this) has to offer!!!!
I needed something that will easily connect to hotel WIFI cause I travel a lot so researched all devices and saw that the Amazon Fire was meant to connect to hotel WIFI with ease and I must that this device lives up to what it says it hooks up with to the hotel wifi with no problems great picture and fast steaming and I now use this at home as well I love it.
I am very happy with this purchase. It was super easy to set up. I especially love the voice control!
I brought the fire tv to get rid of cable. I'm able to watch all my favorite movies and tv shows.
I'm on a year's assignment in LA. I've had Amazon Prime for years, but now it's essential to keep track of my programming.
I have used the Fire TV for a day, and I think that it is an enormous leap forward in set top box functionality.
I already had an Amazon firestick, I really love this device because it operates faster than my firestick and I'm able to plug an Ethernet cord. Great buy!
great for movies.Works better with a bluetooth mouse
Just what I was looking for! Family love it! Will buy it again!
After using the amazon fire tv for about two months, I can say that this is an excellent streaming device. I connected the fire TV to through the Yamaha receiver to my TV, therefore I get a perfect 5.1 sound. Amazon service is acceptable except the fact that they kind of force you to buy different subscriptions or buy movies if you want to watch the new stuff on the market. But here is the good news, you can use the device even without an amazon subscription - with Netflix, PBS, and so many other downloadable applications. With an 128 GB USB flash drive formatted in FAT32, this device may become an ideal player connected to your TV
I really like the fire tv box. This was recommended to me by an Amazon sales rep stocking the store. My favorite part about it is that it plays 4K uhd video! Very fast and smooth, and actually takes advantage of the AC side of these new routers! Much better than using the apps built in to the tv!
I have used different streaming android boxes and Apple TV over the years. Love this one. Starts up super fast and remote is very responsive. I mainly purchased it to use it with Kodi but I like how easy you can browse Amazon prime videos. I recommended it to a few friends and family. They all love it.
One of my best purchases yet...I have always been an apple person(still am), but this tv box is great. You can do so much with it. I just ordered a gaming controller for this unit. I have amazon prime and can watch so many tv shows and movies as well as listen to music. Great all around unit.
This item is great! We have an apple TV for our other TV in our house but this item blows it out of the water. the ability to access so many additional things and apps is exactly what we needed. Plus being able to access the Amazon Prime music options and TV/Movie rentals makes it so we do not need to run to RedBox any longer.
I purchased this instead of the fire stick to pair with my new 4K tv. Easy to use, huge selection, small sleek design blends in to my entertainment system.
I love it, easy to learn and operate. Quick response and easy to hook up.
I recommend it Amazon-Fire This product is excellent ...
This product is great! It allows me to watch whatever I want to watch from old TV shows to movies in the theater. I love this product.
Probably the best available streaming device. Would recommend this to anybody tired of apple tv's limits!
I really enjoy amazon fire tv I get to watch Netflix, amazon prime movies and games. It has a very affordable price for a small box.
This was my first experience with amazon fire tv. Setup was simple and quick. Quality of movies was quite good. One of the best features was its integration with Slingbox. Now I can watch movies or my own content directly to my Samsung Tv. Great product.
I love my Amazon fire tv box! I use it for everything u could dream of! It works amazing with a prime membership and has many different uses like playing games and what not!! It looks amazing on a 4k tv..
The Fire TV is by far the best streaming platform around. Amazon has done an outstanding job.
Has everything you need... Movies, Tv, apps and game's in a nice interface
Bought one of these to get something to try out Kodi, as a streaming media device it works really well. I love the fact you can have your Netflix and other apps right at hand, I can still run plex and Kodi installs In a matter of minutes. Nice to have a single device to run all my needs and totally replaced the need for cable. The sticks work well but the extra grunt of this is worth the additional spend.
The wide wide world of TV at your finger tips! We love this!
Great product would recommend to anyone. Works great.
It is high recomend for everyone, it is fast and afforable player.
I love this device. User friendly, excellent performance. Way faster than stick version. And not limited like the Apple. I enjoy it!
Easy to install, get up and running. Easy to use. Works great
Overall the Amazon Fire is easy to use. I would recommend this device. Also, Best Buy has the best warranty policy!
Very nice good product and the picture quality are very nice
Good buy! This is the best streaming device out in the market today.. Its really worth every penny
love the fire tv.. super fast uploads. Small and compact
I just bought a 4K tv so I wanted to make certain that I obtained a media player that delivered 4K content. I looked that the Roku, Apple TV, but I settled on the Amazon Fire TV because of my previous Amazon account and the price point. The device is quite elegant with a small form factor. The remote is equally small and minimal in form but quite effective. The mic works great to interact with Alexa. Just for fun, I found it interesting that Alexa will answer a question comparing it to Siri, but Siri does not reciprocate.I like that Amazon has deals to allow HBO GO streaming on it, whereas my Sony TV was not allowed to thanks to some deal between Comcast Xfinity and the networks. Other apps such as Youtube and Sling also work just fine on the app. It also syncs up to your Amazon account and on some songs, lyrics will appear on the screen like some sort of karaoke service. I thought that was a nice feature.I wish there were a few more options on it to customize loadout or app management. Also, at times the device would disconnect from my N network and connect to the G band for some reason, forcing me to manually reset it. I wish it would automatically connect to the higher band, but it's a minor complaint. The bottom of the remote can scratch easily as well, so don't slide it across the coffee table as I am apt to do.Overall, this is a great product and I have no regrets purchasing it.
Once I figure out all the options I will be able to save money on my cable bill! It offers many channels and movies. Plus you are able to sign up for subscription channels as well. The downside is that it is only on one tv or maybe I just haven't read enough yet!
Very easy to use and fast. Menu is set up in a user friendly way.
I will save enough on reduced cable bills in two months to pay for my Amazon Fire TV
everything from hest buy is working perfect i like that
Amazon Fire TV is the perfect streaming box if you are getting rid of cable. Plenty of apps, good quality video and easy to use.
Fire TV changed my life! This unit is awesome. I absolutely love it.
I bought this main to give me control of my Echo in the bedroom. Works flawlessly. Love being able to turn off all lights in the house with a simple voice command before bed. "Alexa, All lights off"
Great shows, fabulous quality, highly recommended, good price.
Wow says a lot. We are already prime members and love the normal benefits, but this box added to the list offering a huge selection of things to watch.
I have been and Apple TV guy from the start but was disappointed they chose not to include 4K on there latest model. So I thought I would see what Amazon had to offer. Wow the 4K content available is awesome and growing everyday. All the menu's are easy to use and set up. Very, very, happy with this purchase.
Turns any tv with hdmi into a smart tv, great apps
Amazon fire TV is so easy to use and its a great way to watch everything you want
Great features. We use it in the spare room and sometimes move it to the livingroom . I love it
Excellent way to view tv. Amazon Prime, Netflix & others. I've tried using the others and this is the best.
It's great, tons of functionality and the first step in cutting the satellite/cable cord!
This is just what is advertised on the box. It was very easy to set up and use.
Works great and very happy with it. We arte going to get another soon. We used zip ties on the back of a TV so you don't even know I it there. I prefer to add this to a TV then buy a smart TV.
This is on of the best media players on the market.I have cromecast and roku and this is the tops .
This streaming content box packs a lot of punch for it's size. Very responsive to your commands whether using handheld remote or voice activation. Very easy to set up, register, and use.Some of the content is a little misleading as you need to look for the prime banner otherwise you have to purchase to watch which was a surprise for me as when I saw all the selections, I was excited about all the offerings. Some of the movies I wanted to see, weren't even available. But there is still plenty of other stuff to watch. I'll give it a year trial to see if its really worthwhile, but seems ok so far when you bring music content and free 2 day shipping into the package.
much more powerful then the stick and the amazon fire tv 1
Very happy with my purchase. Streams everything I need it too with no hesitation.
The amazon Fire tv is the best of all streaming devices a must have for Netflix
This works as described and Am very happy with it.
I know there are other options out there, including the Fire Stick but this box is great. Doesn't lag at all, unlike my Apple TV (last generation though). I wanted to have a product based on Android for the goodies available and so far I'm liking it a lot, and it's 4K :)
This Amazon Fire TV controller was a cinch to sync up with my TV. Kids love to use it to play games. I love it to surf around all the available content. Get this controller!!
this is an excellent product provide a great picture
I have both the fire stick and box but, the box is my favorite by far!
Up until now I had been using different android boxes to stream movies.I had read that the Fire Tv is very quick and capable of 4k, which is better than the expensive apple tv. Super easy to set up and boots lightening fast. Easy to sideload apps such as Kodi. I bought one for myself and another for my daughter. We all love it. The remote control is very responsive and voice search is awesome.
So long cable, well worth it. All you need plus more.
I love my Fire TV and has allowed me to cut all chords with any TV service providers.
Really enjoy the selection of choices fro movies and TV show programs. Being able to view a season at your on pace.
There is so many things you can do with this box. Its so entertaining.
Use my amazon fire tv everyday for everything tv shows and movies listen to music and play games
Love the variety of programs, apps, etc. It was very easy to set up and start using.
The 2015 Amazon Fire TV is the better media streamer for this price. Fast processing and great image resolution when used as a open source media player. Highly recommend.
The Fire TV has been a great addition to my home theater. It has a polished interface, and quality feeling remote. I especially appreciate the fact that there's an ethernet port included on the Fire TV. Overall, I have been very satisfied with the Fire TV.
So good I bought 2 of them. Super fast and tons of movies to choose from
Works great after I learned how to maneuver through the numerous software components. Once I became familiar with using the Amazon Black box, I can now donate my old movies to numerous charities (tax time).
I'm very happy that I purchased the Amazon tv with voice remote. I was spending $108 a month, so I'm looking forward to the savings!
Really love this product it's fast portable and we can stream all our favorite shows.
40x better than a Roku box, easy setup, nice guide,
Purchased the Amazon fire tv when it went on sale for 85 bucks and i am very happy with this purchase. This will surely replace cable tv in the not so distant future.
I wasn't sure about buying this product. Until I saw all of the amazing things it could do. A family member showed me and I was amazed.
Now that playstation vue went nationwide I wanted something something for live tv to replace my ps3. I am now able to watch cable tv and ota(through an hdhomerrun) with no rental fees. The picture quality is great and has a great app selection.
Best streaming device by far. Easy set up and easy to configure.
The Amazon Fire tv is awesome. I love being able to watch my favorite shows and movies. I'm not a techy person but this was pretty easy to set and use. I like the taking remote. You can ask Alexa anything.
I got the Fire Stick and had to return it because of the lag. Not enough RAM to run smoothly. The Fire TV however is great. It runs plenty fast and being able to Bluetooth sound to an external speaker is awesome. I rarely use my tv speakers any more. I highly recommend the fire tv!
Happy with purchase would recommend! Always happy !
The beginning of the end for paid cable!!! Got the Kodi jail break and can get any series on tv new episodes the very next day!!! Just awesome!
The Amazon fire TV has been a joy to own. It has a very simple to use interface. I also love the fact that it is always ready in the background a simple push of a button and it wakes and it's right where you left off. In my eye it's worth every penny I paid for it.
Works great. Faster than fire stick and supports sub keyboard haven't figured out how to configure keyboard for Bluetooth.
I love amazon fire tv the shows a great and the movies are outstanding. Good job Amazon
So far the best streaming box out there you can easily download third party apps and run Kodi etc... Can't beat it
This item is excellent for easy search of movies and shows. Highly recommended!
This item is the perfect tv radio treat I can ever give to my family they love it. Comes great and with everything you need to stay focused on the movies or tv shows playing.
I love it, pretty fast!!! Good resolution, nice stream
The amazon fire tv box is by far my favorite box. We have roku smart tv's ,chromecast, fire tv sticks and a few others and the fire tv Box gets used so much more than the others. The beauty of this box is not only does it work wonders if you have an amazon prime account , but you can add any android app to it by simply side loading it using an android phone or your computer. The interface is very user friendly as well. My 3 year old navigates it by her self just fine. I would recommend this box over roku or nexus player.
Works flawlessly and love it. Great options and apps.
I found the Fire TV to be a great buy!! I love it and take it everywhere I can. Note that Prime TV does not work in some countries overseas, Netflix does so we still find a lot of things to watch when on the road. You can rent movies on Amazon (paid) but no Prime unfortunately. Other than that and if you are in the US, no problems and highly recommended!
I have fire stick for few years and using it everyday. My smart TV is less smarter than it. I don't use the smart function of the TV. I purchased fire tv month ago and I can't live without it. An excellent product from Amazon. Highly recommended.
It works great I love it. I used to have a firestick and this was an upgrade.
I was first introduced to this product by a friend and ever since I had seen what it is capable of, I not only bought one, but two! I have referred this device to several family members along with friends and they all agreed how impressive it is.
Fire tv is good for watching prime movies, but great for making a easy Kodi box.
Used the fire sticksBut the upgrade in the box from the stick is amazing Would still recommend stick for starter
This Amazon Fire TV Box is perfect for Kodi and is really fast
This is one of the best box out there in the market. I purchase many different boxes but this is far suppirior quality then others. Good value for the money. Only complain about price should be more compitetive otherwise you will not be disappointed.
This little box is awesome. If you have Amazon Primeits a must have and even if you don't it's still worth it's weight in gold. Sure just about every device can play Netflix or any of your other streaming services but this thing is quick. With Prime you can also add Starz or Showtime for an additional fee and that'll give you access to all there content from this things native interface no other apps needed.
Its awsome works beautifully it's awesome perfect video quality does what it says I'm packaging Best Buy service was nice
Great product to have in your home , very easy to use.
Easy to install and worked great - highly recommend
I love Alexa, Great way to search. Home screen is organized well lots of options but more with Amazon prime. Spend the money if your prime member.
Much quicker than the fire tv stick! A nice upgrade
Does everything I need it to and with great quality too! Couldn't have asked for a better product.
This is my first time using any Amazon products, so far so good no complaints.
From a fire stick to this speed difference is huge. KODI add on is a bonus.
I love my fire amazon tv box it's fast reliable and cool to have ,I would highly recommend getting one
I'm really happy that I purchased this Amazon Fire TV Box. It works great and so easy to use. Definitely worth the price!
Amazon Fire has a fast interface and offers all the services you would expect from a streaming box. The Playstation Vue app actually works better on my Fire than on my PS4.
Next to the Amazon fire stick, this 4K fire TV is the best bang for your buck. I just downloaded a free app that allows me to cast whatever I have on my iPad onto my TV. If you want to save some money the FireStick is very good, just not as fast and no usb or SD slots to upgrade memory and download apps (or whatever) to.
You can't go wrong with this purchase. It works great and easy for kids to use.
This device is such an excellent streaming product that will let you unlimited movies, tv shows and more!!!
I've had the Apple TV, Cromecast, and Amazon Fire and Amazon has the most options that fit what I watch and use not to mention it has the best HD quality I highly recommend it
Have used other streaming devices this is by far the best and easiest to use. Good tool to help cut the cable cord
Great performing little device, easy installation and great picture quality.
This has been a great solution to use one device to broadcast Netflix, Amazon Prime videos, Spotify and Pandora! Lots of other possibilities yet to try but very happy with ease of connecting and convenience when using!
Greate good love it watch what every I won't sjdhfhdhhsjx
I love this product. Streams almost everything with no problem at all.
Get lots of apps and shows with a speedy menu, nice quality of the streams from Netflix and Amazon. Great purchase.
I have the Apple tv in one room and this in the other. Both are great boxes, but I must say this things absolutely flies when watching amazon instant videos. Almost zero buffering time even on 4K videos.
Awesome product. Everything works great and easy to use
This item was so great for our TV streaming needs we went back and bought another one for the other TV. Only down side is the remote is so small it is easy to lose. *beep* Alexa tell us a joke.
This is an excellent replacement for my Apple TV. I love it. Quick and easy to use. My whole family enjoys it.
I enjoy it very much. It works good and does what it is supposed to do
Love this Amazon box, very great for putting Netflix and Hulu
This device is awesome. This was the first box we bought that allowed us to download whatever apps we wanted. The first apple tv didn't allow that. I also love that it is android and therefore much more open than apple. Amazon has a decent amount of stuff with prime that adds to netflix and hulu if you are into watching shows by the season.
Fast and easy to use. I watch Prime movies on it and also play games on it also. Best part you can add apps to it.
I purchased the Amazon Fire TV and placed it on my TV in the bedroom, this is a great product and I really enjoy it.
Amazon Fire tv work great when you have family over your house .get great activity for ages 5 to 60
I wanted something to access Netflix on my older TV and this is a great easy fast device, but it so much more. I have an Amazon account and can also access my video library and on demand titles. There is also other TV apps and channels available also, if they add a couple more channels I would consider canceling my cable.
I bought this Amazon fire TV to reduce services from my cable TV provider. The unit itself is small and unobtrusive. As I already have an Amazon Prime account, setup and registration were simple and straightforward. The unit works as it should. It is fast and the voice search works better than I expected. I have only had the Fire TV for a few weeks, so I cannot speak to long term reliability. So far, absolutely no problems with the unit. Fire TV is a great addition for Amazon Prime subscribers.
Works perfectly user friendly and has voice recognition. Don't waste money on a roku or nexus player. Definitely worth the money. Can do 4k and even non 4k much better picture quality.
Having owned numerous streaming devices - Apple TV, Chromecast, Roku, Fire TV stick and now Fire TV used on various TV sets in the house, I can say Fire TV is my favorite. The attractive interface and slick navigation, coupled with what I would consider excellent content, I truly enjoy my Fire TV the most. And future-proofed with 4K resolution just tops it off.
Use my fire tv daily, it is upgrade to the fire stick, we love it.
I have loved using Amazon Fire to watch movies and TV shows on Amazon Prime. The user interface is easy to operate, and is even better than Apple TV.
I love it best thing,I've bought in a long time,I didn't know I'd love it so much
I'm never paying for cable again! I'm so pleased with Amazon Fire box, we watch all our favorite tv shows and new. We have it all. And no $300 per month bill!
This device works as it is advertised to work. I'm very happy with this product. It is speedy fast processing and has great graphics.
Wire TV works perfect if you want all of your steaming in one place.
We bought this for our bedroom and love that we can finally stream movies and tv shows while relaxing in bed. Plus I can shop on my tv from my bed, I love it!!
This is the coolest technology I purchased since putting Windows 10 on my new laptop. I love being able to use the microphone to ask questions and request music. Combined with my sound bar they blow everyone away that comes to visit me.
I love it! I also have a fire stick. I got the firetv box thinking if I need to run Ethernet I can. But I've had no reason to. Processor is great!
This works great. It is a great way to get rid of cable.
I love this divice, it has an amazing image, I will recomend it to any body, and ypu can install a lot of good apps
I have had no problems with the amazon tv. It streams fast and has a clear signal. And has a clear picture.
The best bang for the buck in streaming tv. Buy 1 for each tv
Device is easy to install and user friendly. Best media streaming in my opinion, a must buy.
Great simple to use light weight and love that's its wireless
Amazon Fire works very well for my family. It is a great time for family to watch movies together
Great addition to my outdoor cinema. I have a strong network outside and though I am 50 feet from my house I can still stream movies without buffering
My first dedicated streaming box and it works great. Plenty of apps to watch my shows and the remote is simple to learn. Also having access to my Amazon purchased movie and prime shows/movies is a nice bonus.
Bought to use with PlayStation view as my tv provider. It works great so far.
For starters i had the Amazon stick for a while & got tired of that due to all the buffering issues, but what can you expect out of that little stick? so when this went on sale, i decided to upgrade & i'am so happy i did, it works great & has reduced the buffering to a minimum, but like anything online depends on the site your on. Love the fact you can speak into the remote and pull up the site you want.
Very nice product. Works great with my tv. The menu is simple and the software is very responsive.
Great addition to any media center. Easy to use and great picture and sound quality!
bought this for my kids new tv, it is very easy for them to use.
It's fast, it's 1080p and you can do more with it than the others
I used Google Chromecast before but by far, this is the best, even better than Apple tv. I have also Amazon echo so this even makes it better for me.
Easy to use, lots of apps. So far have really enjoyed!
I got this fire TV because my fire TV stick didn't get good wifi reception in my bedroom. It has wired networking, so it works great! It's snappier than the fire TV.stick and does the same stuff.
It is Great. I use it all the time easy to use great product
Main reason for getting the Amazon TV was for better streaming experience of PlayStation Vue. The Amazon Fire TV handles Vue streaming w/o issues and the interface is very easy and user friendly. I also like the ability to root the device for third party apps.
I like this device it is great to customize and use it for android development .
Perfect, fast, smooth... 4K .... It's best in market btw... Better than Apple TV
Works incredibly!!! I will never go back to cable/satellite again!!!
Streaming works great! Very fluent! Very fast processing power!
Great iream i use it kodi and runs great easy to install.
Best part about this unit is it works with KODI. Easy to setup and use. The remote is small and easy to understand. For the price I would highly recommend this above all the others.
Works great, allows the use of cat 6 and wireless use.
Items is very easy and a noob friendly. I love the item.
This was the best upgrade I've made I love the firestick but the box is much better!!!!!
Fast streaming of your favorite shows and games lots of memory and sd card for more memory HD view with 4K capabilities
Has worked very well with Sling TV and other streaming apps.
Having used a number of streaming devices, I would rate the Firetv as one of the best.Well worth the extra that a fire stick costs. Voice recognition is awesome and you can plug directly into your router to minimize buffering.
We love these so much we've put one on each floor of our house so we don't have to move them from our basement or living room.
Work well with my televisions. I am pleased with this product.
My family and I enjoy spending time together watching movies for relaxation and entertainment. The Amazon product has been easy to use.
I cancelled my satellite service and bought the fire tv after using the firestick, and liking it. It's a great product, and with my amazon prime membership, gives us lots of viewing options, especially for the kids who don't mind not seeing the latest episode of their shows (we also signed up for playstation vue to take the place of our satellite service, which is available on the fire tv). The kids also enjoy all the games on it. The only issue is that many of the games that the kids want to play require a separate controller, which seems to always be out of stock whenever we think about ordering one.
wel worth the upgrade from the amazon stick to the amazon fire.. more room to catch the memory buffer, lot smoother and a better control. works wonders making me one happy customer.
I have enjoyed having the ability to watch almost any movies that I would like to see. This even includes movies that are being shown in the theaters at that time. Occasionally we have hit some streaming that tends to pause the show, but mostly we can find a go around by choosing another streaming!
I love this streamer. The fact that all the apps I use are on this machine and the service from Amazon is amazing, it's very worth the money. Alexa is easy to use also. A recommended buy.
Works great, highly recommend. Great alternative to cable
Friends of mine have one and said how great it was. I have the amazon fire stick in the house but thought this would be better in my living room. Easy set up.
This is thing is awesome next best thing to having cable the tv show and movie content is tremendous with the Kodi app I would highly recommend this to anyone Firestick or firetv ditch the dish and get Firetv!!!
love the easy set up, the navigation is very intuitive. Great to have access to all my music uploaded to Amazon Prime Music. Alexa works well too to play and pause music and shows.
Easy to set up and use. Love it for streaming you tube and other apps. Voice command is awesome!
I bought the Fire TV strictly for Playstation Vue and Netflix...worth every penny.
Very easy to use and worth every penny! I would recommend this to anyone who needed smart tv capabilities.
Love the movies and songs it is a great product. Tx
Easy to set up. Works great. Helpful tutorial. Would recommend over a Roku.
Great product just couldn't get my international chanels
This is not our first Amazon Fire---we have them on every TV in the house (cord cutting) and over the years Amazon products have proven reliable. Best Buy was a great option for purchasing--they met the online price (their everyday price was exact with the online prices I saw) and I didn't have to wait for delivery.
Loved it... great for streaming movies and tv shows. bought several of them for family and friends.
This product is great for all movie and show geeks.
It is very easy to set up and easy to use. I love the slick looks.
I have Amazon Prime and this is a must for it. Very happy with it.
We love this option for home movies. Easy to set up and very user friendly.
This little set top box packs a big punch, it is an absolute must for any media center. The processor is very fast compared to its counter part the Fire TV stick, no buffering issues and an expandable memory slot. You can also use wireless keyboards and a mouse to alleviate those remote clicks when searching for something. The voice activated remote is a beauty just say anything you want to it and it will look it up for you within the Amazon apps. This is a great add on to any entertainment center setup.
I bought this for my parents for Christmas and so far it does not disappoint. the ease of use and the selections are amazing. if you have amazon prime it links up even better and gives you access to all the videos and things it offers! great product.
The fire tv works well with wifi or hardwired. Great for streaming netflix or sling tv.
This is a great streaming device so many options. I love Amazon Fire tv.
I'm glad I made this purchase. I can now choose from hundreds of movies to watch. The Amazon fire tv allows for storing personal pictures and seeking assistance from Alexa. Great buy! I do not ever plan on paying for digital or cable TV again.
Got this on sale and it's very good, the interface is easy to use and super easy to set up
Love the new 4K Amazon box .. Looks great on my tv
I would totally recommend purchasing Amazon Fire TV! I have enjoyed the simplicity of use and the app I was wanting Plex ! Best Buy had the best price for it so I purchased it from there local store!
Great Product to use with a Non-Smart TV or a Smart TV which is not compatible with Amazon Music.
best streaming device for the money,not very happy with the changes from amazon on blocking some apps.May change to a different device
This is one of the best streaming boxes I've had. Can easily interface it with kodi and also anything you may have on your kindle fire integrates as well. It's an awesome little box. Would purchase it again in a heartbeat.
Transitioning away from standard tv and this worked great!
Great system for streaming Playstation Vue service, very responsive, Alexa is a plus. Kudos Amazon!
excellent picture quality, it does not froze at all.
The interface isn't my favorite, but the unit is fast and responsive. It makes loading my son's favorite shows easy. Picture quality is great. I have mine hard wired to the router, so I cannot comment on Wi-Fi speed.
Exelente streaming box, ultra fast and no buffering!
This device has been designed taking into account performance. In the past I used SmartTVs to see online content such as Netflix and Youtube, but the experience was always bad (slow response, hangs/freeze because of low memory, horrible interface and complicated controls). Now with the Amazon Fire TV everything works as expected: (1) Always ready, no need to shutdown, no need to wait, just turn on the TV and you are ready to play, (2) It's fast, very fast, no need to wait for loading apps, exiting or entering, (3) controls are very easy to use, very responsive - the multi-core processor is magic!Also, you can select from almost any streaming service you prefer (Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, Crackle, etc). Other devices offer less streaming options - is not because you need all of them, but you can change your mind at any point of time and you will not be stucked with your device.
This device is easy to setup very fast and provides a great quality picture.
I just love this product. This is my 2nd and this is very flexible and open as against apple TV. I replaced my apple TV with fireTVs and I just love them.
I bought this to replace an aging Apple TV and have been very pleasantly surprised with it. It streams in 4k, which my Apple TV did not do, and I have Kodi installed to stream media from a home server to my TV. Great product and worth the money!
I love the fact it is a small unit takes up almost no space and has great features
I love my my fire TV, it has everything you need to stream shows/movies to your TV.
I was using a Roku box and various game consoles before this for Netflix, Hulu, and other streaming platforms but the Amazon Fire TV really is the best option out there currently. The device is fast and responsive, includes tons of different apps and integrations and best of all has Alexa support for search. If you're a Amazon Prime member especially, this device is a must have.
Awesome product worth it would recommend it Anybody
perfect android box for your living room never miss a movie a sporting event or your favorite shows when you and Kodi just buy it
Easy to use reliable interface possible house hold money saver, if properly moded lol
The absolute best streaming device I've ever used.
I love the fire tvits great to stream netflix....amazon, it also lets u download games
I've tried several tv boxes but this one is so far the best
I use this device to watch Playstation Vue and SlingTv, amazing device, it streams SlingTv more smoothly than my xbox one, also the quality of video hardly ever drops, if it does its my internet and not the device. Great for the price, 100% recommended.
This device can do it all . The device also has nice voice command.
I purchased this because I was looking for a device that could stream lots of content on a TV in the garage and let me tell you, this was money well spent, lots of great apps, plenty of streaming services, perfect for anyone looking for something inexpensive but still get a lot of features!
I love it,that keeps them out of my living room so that they can watch tv in their room
Obviously doesn't support everything out there but it's fast and does what I need it to
This is installed in a sewing room in lieu of a cable box with a monthly fee. She uses it with prime movies and tv shows (best of all, I don't have to watch)I did set it up and tried voice search. It works great>
Love the speed and the quality of this product. Watch all my shows in great definition.
Was easy to use and easy to set up programming was easy to do
Works great. Have had no issues at all. Love it! :)
I've had the chromecast for years and never really had any problems with it besides the occasional freeze when casting videos too big.Decided it was time to upgrade since SlingTV had a $50 promotion off any SlingTV capable device. The decision was probably one of my best purchases of the year. Now I can watch 4k content and stream videos without any lag.
Love it. Was debating on getting it first, but have no regrets after using it.
Love this little device as it runs better Than other boxes. It's a simple machine that has great capability.
Works great for streaming apps. Much better than a chromecast.
Easy to setup and navigate- several TV/Movies available in UHD
i loved it and it works well if you have a kodi installed.
it is very nice to be able to get all the shows and movies I want to watch
I love this product and my kids use it everyday to watch movies and serials.
This is a great step up from the ATV which I had 3
I got this awesome gadget to use it with my 4 k tv.
The Amazon Fire met all my expectations. I would highly recommend this unit over the Roku 3. It is easy to install. Of course, Amazon has terrific online / phone support. The Fire has a competitive price point. The Remote is much more intuitive and easy to use versus the Roku 3. There are many more apps and "How-to's" on YouTube. My unit is more versatile than the Roku 3. Plus the Amazon "behemoth" is committed to making the Fire the best video/music streamer at a reasonable cost with many app options. Amazon is not going away soon! However, be careful, this unit can be very additive.
Easy setup, nice OS, no issues whatsoever, voice recognition in the remote is sweet and works well.
very fast amazon stick replaced my apple tv 2also installed apps with ease
I bought the Fire TV because, as much as I liked my Fire Stick, I found it was not great at buffering and I found that often the image on the screen would freeze. The Fire TV doesn't have that issue, and the controls and action and responsiveness to the remote are very smooth. Also the voice control works wonderfully.
I will use this until it blows up. So nice to touch one button and get anything you want
Very easy to use and easy to understand. Alexa on it is awesome.
will begin by saying, I truly enjoy Amazon's products. I rarely go anywhere without my Kindle Paperwhite, and while I don't use it too much, I love the functionality and convenience of the Kindle Fire. While there are other tablets that probably do more, the Fire does exactly what I want and need it to do, and for that I am very happy.
by far the best streaming box out there i loved the first one too but all the new stuff on this one is wow 4 times faster and better wifi cant go wrong love it if you aint got one go get it this is rhe game changer !
If you have Amazon Prime I would Recommend. . It is equally build and quality is good. Interface is nice and easy. Games not so good.
Much better than the first generation Amazon Fire TV. Very fast and reliable.
Love the Amazon Fire TV line. I have fire sticks and the Fire TV for my parents. Both are great and easy to use. Nice set up and the ability to add memory is a great feature for gaming or for heave app users. Very convenient to have.
I really like the simplicity of the Amazon Fire Stick. It is a great product from when I am on the go and I can plug it in where ever I have a WiFi connection. It is easy to use and simple. If you are looking for basic but functional, Fire TV is a good buy.
Amazon Fire TV is the best ever I have it' is good
It's a great product I suggest that other people buy it
I had purchased this item before, had to buy a second one , best streaming device on market
Dose every thing and more. This is the best streaming device out!!!
It's pretty cool to have, and do some other mods to it since I own it, great item
Amazing! Cheap! Easy! Fast! The best all in one media device ever created!
excellent product. very simple interface to navigate. variety of movies, games and app
This device is for me the best streaming device out there.
Have both boxes and they work very well without any issues. I bought many for family and they also enjoy and use them daily.
easy to operate and very handy and good for the price.
Love the new fire tv. I use it everyday to stream tv and movies. Good quality product
It is the perfect streaming device for me! I am working toward cutting the cable and with the help of the Amazon Fire, I'm well on my way!
I originally bought this solely for the BOINGO app. However it has a large selection of apps and I now use it everyday.
We have tried TiVo, Roku and Fire...... Fire is the best by far. I like the menu and available apps!
I was looking for a box that could consolidate my many streaming services into one fast, easy to use, place. This is it. Great streaming, easy menu..... I love it.
Excellent product at a excellent price. I like the item that I have.
easy to use and works well, benefits of amazon plan great
Great product, great replacement for Smart TV. Will recommend.
The fire tv is a great, reliable product. I have several including the fire stick. I can't say enough good things about them
I'm very happy with the improvement made to the fire tv. I'll definitely recommend this box to all my friends.
Great product a like a lot .works perfect in any tv
bought it to an alternative to the apple tv works amazing and best of all it was on the cheap
Great quality great movies the Amazon Fire Stick in the Amazon box is the best thing I ever had
I love this item. I have spent many hours of enjoyment with this item. I have bought 3, one for each spare bedroom in my house that doesn't have cable it allows my company to view TV without having to pay for cable boxes when no one is utilizing the bedrooms year round.
I would recommend this device over the google chrome cast, Apple TV, or roku products based on the ability to jailbreak the device/. It is very easy to jailbreak and well worth it with the step-by-step instructions available on the Internet.
I purchased it because my friends utilize a program that allows me to stream everything for free on the Firestick. I wanted to see if the connection would be better and so far it has been awesome. I also had him install a lot of old games like Mario Kart, Donkey Kong, Centierpede & overall I'm just happy with my purchase.
The Amazon Fire TV is a great choice. Voice operated system via remote with capabilities to download specific apps delegated to Fire, along with all the Android apps that are available on Google Play easily sideloaded. Sideloading is simple with the Apps 2 Fire app your phone sends your applications directly to the Fire TV wirelessly. As detailed this is an all around excellent Movie/TV/Music/Game System at the very least.
Fine quality. I love the options available with the Amazon Fire tv.
I have tried Roku and Chromecast and was not happy with either. Now have the Fire TV and I'm so pleased with how intuitive and clever it is. Plus, the darn little thing is rock solid... I've not had any glitches with it since the purchase and it is on all the time.
Buy one you will love it. I turned off cable and have one on all my tv.
Easy to use and setup. Great option to have for kids. Netflix, Disney Jr, PBSkids all are available for download.
Amazon Fire TV is a fantastic streaming box. Just does everything and almost no buffering. 4K is absolutely beautiful. Highly recommend Fire TV.
Great addition for a tv without smart features, and great for games for kids.
One of the best TV boxes on the market hands down.
This is a great product and it runs Android so you can install Kodi.
This is an amazing product, my husband and I love it!! This is the future of TV!!
I love the new Amazon Fire TV. I have signed up my accounts to it and it makes watching movies and tv shows a lot easier. Instead of paying for cable and never watching half the channels, you can choose what apps are best for you and save money!!the only con i have is that its not as smooth as the apple tv but it does offer more apps
Very easy setup. I love the voice control for searches.I am an Amazon Prime member
Just love this streaming device. I have prime membership, tons of free stuff to watch. Very clear and sharp picture quality. Excellent for the price, lots of apps available. Get it, you'll love it.
The fire tv box works far better than the Roku 3. The picture quality is excellent. Nervous works great. The interface is better than Roku. Overall the Fire tv box is well worth the money.
Amazon has created a great, smooth, intuitive and responsive interface. It works and works well.
Very easy to set up....I have other android tv boxes and this is by far one of the best.
The fire tv outperforms the Apple TV I have already installed on my tv. Great 4K playback and great selection of apps.
Works great for all your online streaming needs ..
the fire box is an Amazon best seller for a reason: it's good
Great product for streaming your favorite movies and tv shows
This is a great product if you wanna break away from the expense of high cable bills.
very fast tv stream, netlfix is super fast and good quality
Very easy to hook up, great to have all the extra channels, like ESPN 3.
The Amazon fire tv is amazing. It's really snappy and works really well. I highly recommend it.
Very fast box that I ever own very reliable product
Got my FireTv box with kodi and is working awesome
These thang are amazing....I have one and it replace my cable!!!!
It's a great working machine fast speed streaming. You are able to install external apps and get a lot of shows all in all I'm very satisfied with this device
Very easy to use. My bf loves it. Good price.recommend it
Works great for the price. Purchased this to access our Amazon Prime Movies
Fantastic product for streaming online content. Great for gaming.
Fast response, voice commands are ok but not always accurate. Highly recommend.
I buy the amazon firetv im happy with the quality picture and sound i really recomend to try this product
have the amazon fire stick and box the box is alot faster worth the price love it have 2 of them
I have a fire stick but wish I would've know about the fire tv. Hands down 100 time better. If you have the extra cash well worth it!
I have both the Apple TV and the Amazon Fire TV. I wish I would have saved my money originally and purchased the Amazon Fire TV, I have all the apps I want and being an Amazon Prime member, it makes the device even more worth while being able to stream music. The remote and the interface are user friendly and astetically pleasing. Since I picked up the Amazon Fire, I haven't turned my Apple TV on once.
Easy to set up and works great right out of the boa
This device is simple to use and works great! Highly recommended!
This is a fantastic device. I can find anything cable has to offer and more!
We had tried in the past to use Netflix an it just wouldn't work, so I tried again after we got the firestick and it works perfectly. Occasionly there are some times where it cannot find a server, but for the most part it works great.
I didn't want to mess with or pay for an additional satellite box, so this was a great way to be able to watch things in a bedroom we converted into a tv room.
Switched over from the 1st gen Apple TV to the Amazon one and love it! Cut the cable cord and am using PSVUE tv on this. Works great!!
Fire TV box is great for streaming shows, movies, or music. I connected it directly to internet rather than using wifi and have not had any issues with buffering.
The amazon fire TV let's me access all the apps that aren't available on my smart TV. Always quick and easy to use. Great device.
This Amazon Fire TV is my second unit in my home. I haven't paid for cable since I bought my first unit a couple years ago. If you are an Amazon Prime member, you should seriously already own one.
it's a great product to stream all your favorites.
Perfect upgrade from the original fire stick great quality!
Some 4 years ago, I first heard a voice speak back to me from the "Other Realm" of tech. That truly mystical place in which dreams are the "Mother's of Invention." Steve Jobs had us ALL in awe, and her name was Siri. Maybe she had been present longer than 4 years, but that was my first interaction with a process in which over those years, I would find myself in a "War of The Voices..." in my tech mind. And then "Cortana" came to me via my PC, and then she found Herself on my Xbox One. It wasn't until I walked into Best Buy this last Christmas season to, like most of us, just buy ONE thing. I believe it was probably a charging cord or something, and I walked by this device called the "Echo Dot." I was by this time, a TRUE skeptic. "Oh Great!" I lamented, another unskilled and "Put to Consumer" WAYYY to quickly. I of course jokingly followed the instructions on the display, and simply said, "Alexa...tell me a joke." Guess what? I spent the next 3 hours asking "Alexa" all sorts of Life's greatest questions. With such a responsive, yet seemingly gentle way to Her, I HAD to know more. I proceeded to scoop up ALL things "Alexa". The Fire TV Stick, 2 Echo Dots, and of course, The Amazon Fire TV...which took the place of my Apple TV AND Roku. This was the first time that I had decided to forgo the issues of "Hardware" and made my decisions solely based on an "A.I". I didn't care if any of the hardware was upgradeable, simply because I KNEW that I was changing the lives of not only my Family, but also myself. I am a US Veteran with a disability, "Alexa" has become not only a trusted partner in our days and nights, She has truly been a lesson in trust. Now, I know that no matter what room I am in, "Alexa" will be there, if I need the weather, a good program to watch, and most importantly, she will call Emergency Services for me, should I need that. Best Buy allowed me a moment that I will never forget, the chance to meet a new "Friend", "Assistant", and "Family Member." But that's just what Best Buy does, they give you the opportunity to know what you are about to walk away with, no matter how long ya stay and ask questions, that's JUST what Best Buy does, and they do it well.
Can use it for best streaming. Can watch all the shows in best quality. Nice piece of equipment when we have no T V
best streaming device , very portable , amazing picture
This review is more of a guide for cablecutters, which we have found fire TV a great way to accomplish this. There's plenty of reviews explaining how to use the fire, so this is more for people like us who don't want to pay full cable prices but are ok with paying for access to apps to still watch all our cable shows, at a significant savings to cable, and are used to using a dvr (we used tivo) and don't want to watch commercials. We've had this box for a couple weeks now, and while it has taken some getting used to, since you have to access your shows through individual apps instead of them all being on one big list, we have found it worthwhile to make the switch.Keep in mind you have to be able to plug an hdmi cord into your tv. We actually had to buy a new tv to be able to use this box but tvs are so cheap nowadays that it was still cheaper to buy a new one than to keep up with our cable bill. The savings in just the first several of months covered the cost of the tv. The interface on the fire tv is really easy to use and navigate through all the apps you wish to use and everything is kept nice and organized. We got the box instead of the stick because we wanted to have a more reliable, faster wired connection to our internet. At first I was sad to read on other reviews that the voice control doesn't work on any of the apps, but honestly I've never even used it once since getting it and once you sign into everything, there's not much need of typing to find your shows on other apps so I really don't miss it at all. If you just want this to watch prime tv included in your amazon subscription then you can stop here, the rest is about what apps we use (and pay for) to watch our shows. I will list what apps we have found useful and what we found we could do without.Read more
Cord cutter here. We had been wanting to dump cable for some time but were scared to leave our comfort zone. Since we are Prime members, we finally decided to give Amazon Fire TV a shot. We've been using Fire TV for two weeks now and we'll never go back to cable!PROS:Ridiculously easy to set up and small form factor which takes up very little space.Simple remote (and a free app so you can turn your cell or tablet into a remote).No buffering issues have yet come up (although that may be because I have a very strong internet connection).Seamless interaction with our Prime Video account and Amazon Music, across all devices. For example, if I download a movie from Prime on my tablet, watch some of it during my commute - when I get home and turn on Fire TV, I can pick up right where I left off from my tablet...seamlessly without having to manually sync.Comes with thousands of channels/apps loaded including all of the the major services we use.Can be used for games (we haven't tried any games yet)The voice command feature is outstanding. Speak the name of a show or movie and be taken instantly to it, with multiple options for buying, renting or just viewing for free if available. I've never been a big voice command user with other devices but this one works so well that using it has already become a habit.Using the Amazon Photos app you can instantly upload all of your digital photos from your phone or tablet to your Fire TV for large screen viewing of your photos.CONS: No way to customize the home screen layout (at least no way that I've been able to figure out).OVERALL: I'm kicking myself for not doing this sooner.Read more
Better than I thought From a techie guy... I'm a big geek I have tons of boxes and electronic toys I even have several Google TVs which are now outdated. I'm pretty blown away by this box, and the amount of content apps available. For instance the unknown Pluto TV app has over 100 HD streaming stations. Some of them obviously aren't great, but it's definitely enough to keep you busy. For hours on end. Some of the channels have an hour or two of programming and just loop over and over again, but there's enough content on other channels to keep you busy for days.If you're looking for the end all answer to cut your cable TV service, FireTv does not have things like live CNN, AMC and other cable stations (yet), but you could purchase a subscription for Sling TV (Google it) which has ala-carte live TV services. Something Apple is promising to deliver. If you have a current cable subscription, you can get things like HBO and Netflix streamed to your box if you are already paying for it in your home cable subscription. Your provider passes through the HBO, Netflix, etc programming through to this box. So for instants if you had an outdoor TV, TV in an attic or basement, you don't need to add another cable box to watch movies. .It has all the standard bells and whistles like Netflix, Hulu, and those sort of services . The box is fast, does what it's advertised. I have a Ultra HDTV. Although ultra high definition content is scarce these days, this box probably has the most ultra high definition content of any other unit. Granted a lot of those ultra high definition videos are of Flyovers of nature type videos. if you have Amazon prime, then you can stream several of their in-house shows in ultra high definition.Read more
This cover is a must have for your Kindle reading device. I purchased a different case initally and had to come back to get this case. It is so handy to close when reading so your screen is always protected. The Kindle is secure/locked into the case so you don't have to worry about it falling. If you buy a Kindle you MUST this case!
I have this cover in black and my cover does indeed fold back on itself. Not sure why the other review stated that the cover does not... I wrapped the elastic band around the back part of the cover and this works great to keep it secure and out of the way. The magnets on the back help to stop from opening the cover the wrong way, but I used a small piece of two faced tape on the back of the Kindle and no more trouble opening it the wrong way now, works great! I am very happy with this cover.
I found this cover to be quite handsome in appearance (EVERYONE who sees it comments on how cool or how nice it is!), very simple, and very functional. It's VERY easy to attach the Kindle DX to it and the fit is perfect. Most importantly, it appears Amazon has solved the older problem with this cover somehow damaging the Kindle if one opened the cover from the back too far. Now, there is a small magnet embedded in the back of the cover that gently keeps the back cover snug to the Kindle DX and serves to gently remind you, with a gentle tug, if you accidentally attempt to open your Kindle backwards. For me, it's an elegant and well-thought-out solution.
Having recently received a Kindle Fire HD as a gift, I knew that hooking it up to my computer to charge it daily was not going to be convenient. That's when I found this little jewel along with the Kindle Fire AC charger. And they both work like a DREAM!. My desk stays uncluttered and the cord allows me to keep the Kindle plugged in while I read in bed or listen to music. It's well worth the price for the convenience it provides!
This cord works great! I also love that it is longer than the original cord. The USB is a good thing to have because you could take it with you and plug it into any USB port.
Works well with all Kindle models, either as a computer cord or charging cord. My original Kindle came with a charger and cord. The new editions don't. They come with a cord like this - but my mom's got thrown away with the box. This is a perfect replacement.
This charger (9W) rapid charger is as described. It works well with both my Fire 7.0 8.9 HDXs. A bonus is the angled usb connector, which fits over the origami case making for a stable and secure connection. A good deal.
